옮기다	Verb	move; take; shift	To make something move from one place to another.
옷	Noun	clothes; garment	"An item that one wears to cover his/her body, protect himself/herself from cold, heat, etc., and look fashionable."
옷장	Noun	wardrobe	A piece of furniture for storing clothes.
와(Interjection)	Interjection	wow; ooh	An exclamation uttered when something pleasant happens unexpectedly.
와이셔츠	Noun	dress shirt	"A shirt with a collar and sleeves, which is worn under a suit jacket."
와인	Noun	wine	Western liquor made by fermenting the juice of grapes.
완성하다	Verb	complete	To finish doing something thoroughly.
완전	Noun	completeness	The state of having everything in place without shortcomings.
왕	Noun	king	A king who is a ruler of a country where the crown is passed down from one to another member of the royal family.
왕복	Noun	going and returning; round trip	The act of going and returning.
왕비	Noun	queen	The wife of the king.
왜냐하면	Adverb	because; since; by reason of	For the reason that.
외국	Noun	foreign country	A country other than one's own.
외국어	Noun	foreign language	The language of a foreign country.
외국인	Noun	foreigner	A person from other country.
외롭다	Adjective	lonely; solitary	Being lonesome because one is alone or has nobody to depend on.
외삼촌	Noun	one's maternal uncle	A word used to refer to or address a brother of one's mother.
외숙모	Noun	wife of one's maternal uncle	The wife of one's mother's brother.
외식하다	Verb	eat out	To go out to eat.
외출	Noun	going out; outing	"An act of going outside of your home, company, etc. to do something else."
외출하다	Verb	go out	"To go outside one's home, company, etc., to do something."
외할머니	Noun	maternal grandmother	A word used to refer to or address one's mother's mother.
외할아버지	Noun	maternal grandfather	A word used to refer to or address one's mother's father.
왼쪽	Noun	left; left side	The side of someone facing west when he/she turns toward the north.
요금	Noun	fare; fee; charge	A sum of money paid for using a facility or watching something at a facility.
요리	Noun	cooking	An act of making food.
요리법	Noun	recipe; formula	A method of making food.
요리사	Noun	cook; chef	A person who cooks as an occupation.
요리책	Noun	"recipe book, cookbook"	A cookbook is a book that contains recipes for preparing food.
요리하다	Verb	cook	To make food.
요일	Noun	day of the week	Each of the seven days that constitute one week.
요즘	Noun	nowadays; these days	A period from a while ago to the present.
욕심	Noun	desire; greed	An excessive longing to get or have something.
용돈	Noun	pocket money; allowance	Money that a person can use freely for various purposes
우리	Pronoun 	we	A pronoun used when the speaker refers to himself/herself and the listener or listeners.
우리나라	Noun	our country	A term used by Korean people to refer to Korea.
우산	Noun	umbrella; parasol	"An implement that folds out like a canopy on a rod, which one holds over one's head as a cover from rain."
우선	Adverb	first of all; to begin with; before everything	Before doing something.
우습다	Adjective	funny	Funny enough to cause laughter.
우유	Noun	milk	"The milk of a cow; a white liquid used to produce ice cream, butter, cheese, etc."
우체국	Noun	post office	"A public institution whose work involves delivering letters and packages, or managing monetary deposits, etc."
우표	Noun	postage stamp	A small piece of paper attached to postal mail as a sign that its postal charge has been paid.
운동	Noun	exercise	The act of moving one's body in order to train it or improve one's health.
운동복	Noun	sportswear; sweat suit	The clothes worn when doing an exercise.
운동선수	Noun	sportsman; athlete	A person who is good at sports or does it as a profession.
운동장	Noun	playground; sports field	A wide yard equipped with a variety of apparatus and facilities for sports or play.
운동하다	Verb	exercise; take exercise	To move one's body in order to train it or improve one's health.
운동화	Noun	running shoes; sneakers	Shoes worn when doing an exercise.
운전기사	Noun	driver	(polite form) A driver.
운전하다	Verb	drive; operate	To move and handle a machine or car.
울다	Verb	cry	"To shed tears out of unbearable joy, pain, or delight, or to make sounds while shedding tears."
움직이다	Verb	move; budge; be in motion	For a position or posture to change; to change a position or posture.
웃다	Verb	smile	To smile big or make a sound when one is happy or satisfied.
웃어른	Noun	elders; senior	"A person who is older, or senior in status or position and thus should be treated with respect."
원(monetary)	Bound Noun	won	A Korean monetary unit.
원피스	Noun	one-piece dress	A woman's outer garment made of one piece.
원하다	Verb	want; wish; hope	To hope for something or desire to do something.
월	Noun	month; being monthly	A period of a month.
월급	Noun	salary; monthly wage	Money paid for one's labor on a monthly basis.
월세	Noun	monthly rent; monthly rental fee	The act of renting a house or room on a monthly basis; money spent on renting a house or room on a monthly basis.