치다	Noun	hit; strike	To cause the hand or an object to bump hard against something.
치료	Noun	cure; treatment	An act of treating a disease or wound.
치료하다	Verb	treat; cure	"To heal a disease, wound, etc."
치마	Noun	skirt	"An outer lower garment that doesn't have pant legs, usually worn by women."
치약	Noun	toothpaste	Substance that is used to brush one's teeth.
친구	Noun	friend	A person that one is close to and in an amicable relationship with.
친절하다	Adjective 	kind; hospitable	Treating someone gently and softly.
친척	Noun	relative	A person who is related by blood to one's parents or spouse.
친하다	Adjective	close	Being on good terms with someone one knows well and feels close to.
칠판	Noun	blackboard	"A board, usually dark green or black, on which one writes with chalk."
침대	Noun	bed	A piece of furniture that is made for someone to lie down and sleep on.
칫솔	Noun	toothbrush	A brush that is used to clean one's teeth.
칭찬하다	Verb 	praise; compliment	"To express one’s appreciation of someone’s strength or achievement, etc."
카드	Noun	card	"A thick piece of paper or plastic cut out in a fixed size and form, to prove or record something."
카메라	Noun	camera	A device used to take photographs.
카페	Noun	cafe; coffee shop	"A shop where coffee, tea, light snacks, etc., are sold."
칼	Noun	knife	"A tool that is used to cut, peel or chop something."
커튼	Noun	curtain; drapes	"A long, draped cloth, hanging over a window or door, to hide it."
커피	Noun	coffee	"Thick, brown, aromatic brew, tasting a little bitter and containing caffeine, which is made of the fruits of a coffee tree."
커피숍	Noun	coffee shop	"A shop designed for customers to talk or rest, usually while drinking coffee or tea."
컵	Noun	cup	A glass to pour water or a beverage into.
케이크	Noun	cake	"Bread made by mixing flour, eggs, butter, milk, sugar, etc."
켜다	Verb	light; ignite; set	"To light an oil lamp or candle, or to set a flame using a matchstick or lighter."
코	Noun	nose	The body part that is used for breathing and smelling.
코끼리	Noun	elephant	The largest animal living on land that has a very long nose and two large tusks.
코미디	Noun	comedy	A funny play or soap opera.
코트	Noun	overcoat; coat	An outer garment that one wears over other clothes to protect oneself from the cold.
코피	Noun	nosebleed	Blood that flows from the nostrils.
콘서트	Noun	music concert	A gathering organized so that people can listen to songs or music being sung or played live.
콜라	Noun	cola; Coke	"Blackish soda, with a sweet flavor and unique scent."
콧물	Noun	nasal discharge	"The sticky liquid, or snot, excreted from the nostrils."
콩	Noun	bean	"A round grain with a thin, yellow or black skin that is used as an ingredient in tofu, soy bean paste, etc."
크기	Noun	size	"A degree of how big a volume, area, length, height, etc., of an object is."
크다	Adjective	big; large	"A length, width, height, volume, etc., exceeding an ordinary degree."
크리스마스	Noun	Christmas Day	"The day to commemorate the birth of Jesus, the founder of Christianity, December 25."
큰아버지	Noun	uncle	A word used to refer to or address a brother of one's father.
큰어머니	Noun	aunt	A word used to refer to or address the wife of one's father's elder brother.
큰일나다	Verb 	become serious	become[grow] serious.
키	Noun	height	The length of a person or animal in an upright position that is measured from the feet to the head.
킬로그램	Bound Noun	kilogram	A bound noun that serves as a unit of weight.
킬로미터	Bound Noun	kilometer	A bound noun that serves as a unit of length.
타다	Verb 	ride; get on; board	To mount a vehicle or the body of an animal used as a vehicle.
탁구	Noun	table tennis; ping-pong	An indoor sport in which players hit a ball with paddles over a net installed in the middle of a rectangular table.
탕수육	Noun	sweet and sour pork	"A Chinese dish made by frying flour-coated meat, and pouring a boiled mixture of vinegar, soybean sauce, sugar, vegetables, etc."
태국	Noun	Thailand	Thailand
태권도	Noun	taegwondo	Sport based on a traditional Korean martial arts.
태어나다	Verb	be born	"For a person, animal, etc., to take form and come out of the mother’s body."
태풍	Noun	typhoon	The fierce wind accompanying a rainstorm.
택배	Noun	parcel delivery service; home-delivery service	"An act of delivering a mail, package, goods, etc., to a requested destination, in person."
택시	Noun	taxi; cab	A car that takes a passenger to a requested destination for money.
탤런트	Noun	TV actor; TV actress	An actor or actress appearing on a television show.
터미널	Noun	terminal	"A place, usually the first or last stop, where the many routes of airplanes, trains, buses, etc., start or end."
테니스	Noun	tennis	"A sports game in which players compete as they send and receive a ball over a net installed in the center, using rackets."
테이블	Noun	table	A table is a piece of furniture with a flat top that you put things on or sit at.
텔레비전	Noun	TV; television	A machine that delivers the images and sound that were sent in waves by a broadcasting station.
토끼	Noun	rabbit	An animal with long ears and a short tail whose hind legs are more developed than its front legs.
토마토	Noun	tomato	"A round, fist-sized fruit that turns from green to red when ripe."
토요일	Noun	Saturday	The sixth day of a week starting from Monday.
통일	Noun	unification	An act of combining what has been divided or split into one.