월요일	Noun	Monday	The first day of a week.
위(position)	Noun	top; higher part	A higher position than a certain standard; a higher position than the middle.
위(organ)	Noun	stomach	An organ responsible for digesting food inside the body of an animal or person.
위치	Noun	location; situation	The state of having taken up space in a place; such space.
위하다	Verb 	do in favor of; do for the benefit of	To try to benefit or help someone or something.
위험하다	Verb 	dangerous; risky 	Not safe due to the possibility of being harmed or injured.
유럽	Noun	Europe	Europe
유리	Noun	glass	"The material used to make windows, mirrors, etc., that is transparent, hard, and easily broken."
유명하다	Adjective	famous; popular	For one's name to be widely known.
유학	Noun	studying abroad	The state of staying abroad and studying.
유학생	Noun	international student; student studying abroad	A student who stays abroad and studies.
유행	Noun	fashion; trend	The state of something gaining popularity among people and being widely spread to an entire society.
유행가	Noun	popular song	"A very popular song in a specific period, as many people listen to and sing it a lot."
유행하다	Verb	be in fashion; be in	For something to gain popularity among people and to be spread to an entire society.
은행	Noun	bank	An institute that keeps and manages the money people have deposited and lends it to those who need it.
은행원	Noun	bank teller 	An employee of a bank.
음력	Noun	lunar calendar	A calendar used to count days based on the time that the moon takes to orbit around the earth.
음료수	Noun	soda; soft drink	Liquid that one drinks because of one's thirst or its good flavor.
음식	Noun	food	Everything that humans eat or drink.
음식물	Noun	food	Something eaten or drunk by people.
음악	Noun	music	"A field of art, a musical instrument to make sounds with beats and melody."
음악가	Noun	musician	"A person who does music professionally such as a composer, instrumentalist, vocalist, etc."
음악회	Noun	music concert	A gathering organized so that people can listen to music being played live.
응	Interjection	yes	An exclamation uttered when the speaker answers someone's call.
의견	Noun	opinion	A thought one has after making one's own judgment on a certain object or phenomenon.
의논하다	Verb 	discuss	To share opinions about a certain topic.
의미	Noun	meaning; sense	"What a word, sentence, sign, etc., means."
의사	Noun	doctor; physician	A person with the relevant qualifications whose job it is to examine and cure patients.
의자	Noun	chair; stool	An apparatus made for a person to sit with his/her hip and thighs placed on it.
이(Pronoun)	Pronoun	this	A pronoun used to indicate something near the speaker or what the speaker is thinking.
이(body)	Noun	tooth	A part in the human or animal mouth that is used to bite something or chew food.
이기다	Verb	win; beat; defeat	"To beat and perform better than one's opponent in a bet, match, fight, etc."
이따가	Adverb 	a little later; a short time later	After a while.
이렇게	Adverb 	like this	"(for a state, appearance, nature to be) Like this."
이렇다	Adjective	so; like this	"(for a state, appearance, nature to be) Like this."
이름	Noun	name	"A word used to refer to or address an animal, object, phenomenon, etc., to distinguish it from others."
이마	Noun	forehead	The part of the face from the hairline to the eyebrows.
이메일	Noun	e-mail; electronic mail	Letters exchanged through the Internet or a communications network.
이모	Noun	aunt	A word used to refer to or address one's mother's sister.
이모부	Noun	uncle	A word used to refer to or address one's aunt's husband.
이미	Adverb 	already	In a state in which something was done before the present.
이발소	Noun	barbershop	A place that mainly cuts and grooms men's hair.
이비인후과	Noun	otorhinolaryngology; department of otorhinolaryngology	"A field of medical science that treats diseases of the ears, nose, throat, bronchus, and gullet."
이사	Noun	house-moving; removal	"The act of leaving the place where one has lived, and moving into another place."
이사하다	Verb	move; change one's abode	"To leave the place where one has lived, and move into another place."
이상	Noun	or more; and over	A state in which something equals to or is larger or better than a certain point of reference in quantity or degree.
이상하다	Adjective	strange; unusual	Not normal.
이야기	Noun	story	"Words or a piece of writing that is intended to tell others about a fact, state, phenomenon, experience, thought, etc."
이야기하다	Verb	tell; say; speak	"To talk to someone about a certain fact, state, phenomenon, experience, thought, etc."
이용하다	Verb	use; utilize	To use something as occasion demands in a way that is helpful or beneficial to one.
이유	Noun	reason	The cause or reason of a certain result.
이제	Noun 	now	This moment being spoken of.
이틀	Noun	Two days.	Two days.
이해하다	Verb	understand; comprehend; figure out	To realize and know something; to know something well and accept it.
이후	Noun	later time; the future	The time after the present time.
익숙하다	Adjective 	trained; experienced; skilled	Not bad at doing something because one did it several times before.
인구	Noun	population	The number of people who live in a given place.
인기	Noun	popularity	Great interest or favor shown by many people to a certain person or thing.
인사	Noun	greetings	"That act of showing courtesy when meeting or saying goodbye to someone, or such words or actions."
인사하다	Verb	greet; salute	To show courtesy when meeting or saying goodbye to someone.