김치	Noun	gimchi; kimchi	"A staple of the Korean diet made by salting vegetables such as napa cabbages, white radishes, etc."
김치찌개	Noun	gimchijjigae; kimchijjigae	"Gimchi/Kimchi stew, boiled gimchi/kimchi and other ingredients such as meat, etc."
깊다	Adjective	deep	Having a very long distance from top to bottom or from outside to inside.
깊이	Adverb	deeply; deep	"In the state of the length from top to bottom, or from outside to inside being long."
까맣다	Adjective	pitch-dark	Deep-black like the night sky devoid of light.
깎다	Verb	peel	"To remove the surface of something or the skin of a fruit, etc., with a tool such as a knife."
깜짝	Adverb 	with a startle	In the manner of being surprised suddenly.
깨끗이	Adverb	clean	Not dirtily.
깨끗하다	Adjective	clean	Not dirty.
깨다	Verb	sober up	"To wake up from a drunk state and come to one's original, clear senses."
껌	Noun	chewing gum	Food one chews for a long time to enjoy its sweet flavor and then spit out.
꼭	Adverb	without fail; at any cost; certainly	By all means under any circumstances.
꽃	Noun	flower	"That part at the end of a plant stem that has a unique shape, color and fragrance or a plant that produces such a thing."
꽃다발	Noun	bouquet; bunch of flowers	Flowers tied up in a bundle.
꽃병	Noun	vase	A bottle used to hold flowers.
꽃집	Noun	flower shop	A shop selling flowers and other plants.
꽤	Adverb	quitely; fairly	Considerably well more than expected.
꾸다	Verb	dream	"To see, hear, and feel in a dream as if it were real."
꿈	Noun	dream	"A mental phenomenon during one's sleep, in which one sees, hears, and feels just as if one is awake."
끄다	Verb	put out; extinguish	To stop a fire from burning.
끊다	Verb 	cut	"To cut a connected object such as a string, thread, cord, etc., and separate it."
끌다	Verb	pull	To pull and move something with its one side touching the ground.
끓다	Verb	boil	For liquid to become very hot and bubble.
끝	Noun	end; final	The end of a lapse of time.
끝나다	Verb	end; finish	For something to be completed until the end.
나	Pronoun	I	A pronoun used to indicate oneself to a friend or a younger person.
나가다	Verb	go out; leave	To move from the inside to the outside of an area or space.
나누다	Verb	divide; split	To divide something that was one into two or more parts or pieces.
나라	Noun	country; nation; state	A social organization of people with a territory and sovereign rights.
나무	Noun	tree	"A plant with a hard stem, branches and leaves."
나비	Noun	butterfly	"A slender-bodied insect with broad, beautiful wings that sucks nectar through its long tube-shaped mouth."
나쁘다	Adjective	bad	Not good.
나이	Noun	age	"The number of years a person, animal, or plant has lived since birth."
나중	Noun	next time; later	The moment after a certain time passes.
나타나다	Verb 	appear; come into sight	"For a certain, invisible object to show up."
나흘	Noun	four days	The four days.
낚시	Noun	fishing; angling	"The act of catching fish, using the tools for this purpose."
날	Noun	day	"The period of twenty-four hours, from midnight to the midnight the next day."
날마다	Adjective	everyday	"You use everyday to describe something which happens or is used every day, so it is not especially interesting or unusual."
날씨	Noun	weather	"The daily temperature or the conditions of rain, clouds, wind, fog, etc., in the atmosphere."
날씬하다	Adjective	slender; svelte	A person's body being attractively slim and tall.
날짜	Noun	days	The number of days.
남녀	Noun	man and woman	A man and a woman.
남다	Verb 	remain; be left	For part of something to remain without being used up.
남동생	Noun	younger brother	A brother who is younger.
남자	Noun	man; male	A person who was born as a male.
남쪽	Noun	south; southern area	"One of the four points of the compass, the direction which S points to."
남편	Noun	husband	The man of a married couple.
남학생	Noun	male student	A student who is male.
낫다	Verb	recover; get well	To get back to normal after one's illness or injury has healed.
낮	Noun	day; daytime	The time from sunrise to sunset.
낮다	Adjective	low	The length from top to bottom being short.
낮잠	Noun	nap; napping	A sleep in the daytime.
낳다	Verb	give birth; deliver	To deliver a baby or egg out of one's womb.
내	Bound Noun	nae	A bound noun used to indicate that something is within a certain range or scope.
내과	Noun	internal department	A field of medical science that treats diseases of internal organs usually with medicine.
내년	Noun	next year	The year coming after this year.
내다	Verb	make; build	"To make a road, passage, window, etc."
내려가다	Verb	go down; step down; descend	To move from up to down.
내려오다	Verb	step down	"To come from a high place to a lower place, or from up to down."