내리다	Verb	get off; come out	"To touch a certain spot, after coming outside from a vehicle."
내용	Noun	content; substance	"What is contained in a bowl, box, etc."
내일	Noun	tomorrow	On the day after today.
냄비	Noun	sauce pan	"A container, smaller than a caldron. which has a lid and two handles and is used in the kitchen to cook food."
냄새	Noun	smell; scent; odor	The trait of something the nose can sense.
냉면	Noun	naengmyeon	"A dish made by mixing noodles in naengguk, cold soup, gimchi/kimchi liquid, gochujang seasoning, etc."
냉장고	Noun	refrigerator; fridge	A box-shaped machine used to store food at a low temperature in order to keep it cold.
너	Pronoun	you	A pronoun used to indicate the listener when he/she is the same age or younger.
너무	Adverb 	too 	To an excessive degree.
넓다	Adjective	broad	"The size of the surface, floor, etc., being large."
넘어지다	Verb	fall down; trip over; tumble over	For a standing person or object to lose balance and fall down.
넣다	Verb	put; insert	To cause to go into a certain space.
네	Pronoun	ne	"A format of '너' (you), when the postpositional particle '가' is attached to it."
넥타이	Noun	necktie	"A long, narrow cloth tied around the collar of a dress shirt, when a man puts on a suit."
년	Bound Noun	nyeon	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of years.
노란색	Noun	yellow	The color of a chick or banana.
노랗다	Adjective	yellow	Having color like that of a banana or lemon.
노래	Noun	song; music; singing	A composition created by setting rhythmical lyrics to music; or the act of singing such a piece of music.
노래방	Noun	noraebang	karaoke; singing room: A place furnished with a karaoke machine so that people can sing to lyrics.
노래하다	Verb	sing	To sing a piece of composition created by setting rhythmical lyrics to music.
노력	Noun	effort; endeavor; hard work	Making an effort and working hard to achieve something.
노력하다	Verb	make effort; endeavor; work hard	To make an effort and work hard to achieve something.
노트	Noun	notebook	A book made by binding pieces of white or lined paper for writing or drawing pictures.
녹다	Verb	melt; thaw	For ice or snow to become water after being heated.
녹색	Noun	green	The color of grass or tree leaves.
녹차	Noun	green tea	"A tea plant's green leaves picked and dried in the sun, or tea made of the leaves."
놀다	Verb	play; have fun	To have a good time while playing.
놀이공원	Noun	amusement park	A park with various facilities or rides that people can see or use.
농구	Noun	basketball	"A sport played by two teams of five players each, in which the winner is the team putting more balls into the other team's basket."
농담	Noun	joke	A remark intended to make fun of someone or to make people laugh.
농사	Noun	farming	"The act of planting, growing, and harvesting crops, vegetables, etc."
높다	Adjective	high; lofty	The length from bottom to top being long.
놓다	Verb	let go; let loose	To let something that one is either holding in one's hand or pushing be released by opening or relaxing one's hand.
누가	Pronoun	somebody	Somebody means the same as someone.
누구	Pronoun	who	A pronoun used to indicate a person that one does not know.
누나	Noun	elder sister	A word used by a male to refer to or address his female siblings or cousins older than himself.
눈(weather)	Noun	snow	Tiny white cotton-like pieces of ice forming and falling as the moisture in the atmosphere becomes frozen.
눈(body)	Noun	eye	The sensory organ on the face of a person or animal that can see an object when stimulated by the light.
눈물	Noun	tear	Clear liquid running from the eyes of a person or animal.
눈사람	Noun	snowman	Snow packed in the shape of a person
눕다	Verb	lie down; lay oneself down; lie	For a person or animal to lie with the back or flank horizontally to touch a certain place.
뉴스	Noun	news 	A broadcast program that delivers new reports.
느끼다	Verb	feel	"To perceive a certain stimulus through a sensory organ such as the nose, skin, etc."
느낌	Noun	feeling; sense; impression	"A sense, mood, emotion, etc. felt in one's body and mind."
느리다	Adjective	slow; sluggish	Taking a long time to do something.
늘	Adverb 	always	"Invariably, all the time."
늘다	Verb	be extended	"For the length, area, volume, etc., of something to become longer or bigger than before."
능력	Noun	ability; capability; competence	The ability to do something.
늦게	Adjective	late	"Late means near the end of a day, week, year, or other peroid of time."
늦다	Verb	be late	To be later than the set time.
늦잠	Noun	oversleeping; late rising	Sleeping late into the morning.
님	Bound Noun	nim	A bound noun to address a certain person deferentially.
다	Noun	all; everything	Everything without anything left out or missing.
다가오다	Verb	approach; come near	To come closer to a subject.
다녀오다	Verb	go and come back	To go to a certain place and then return from it.
다니다	Verb	go continuously	To constantly go to a place.
다르다	Adjective	different; other	Not the same as each other.
다리(body)	Noun	leg	A body part attached to the bottom of the torso of a person or animal that is used to walk or run.
다리(facility)	Noun	bridge	"A facility that connects both sides to allow a person or animal to cross a river, a sea, a road, a valley, etc."
다시	Adverb	again	Repeatedly with the same words or behavior.