독일	Noun	Germany	Germany
독일어	Noun	German	The language that most Germans and Austrians speak.
돈	Noun	money	A coin or bill that is exchanged when trading goods or labor.
돌	Noun	stone	"A hard mass formed when dirt, sand, etc., is solidified."
돌다	Verb	go round; rotate	For an object to move in a circle around a point or line.
돌려주다	Verb	give back; return	"To give back or pay back something borrowed, taken, or received from the owner."
돌보다	Verb	take care of	To protect and take care of someone or something with interest.
돌아가다	Verb	become	For a job or situation to reach a certain state.
돌아가시다	Verb	pass away; decease	(honorific) To lose one's life.
돌아오다	Verb	come back; return	To come again to where one was before or to be in such a state.
돕다	Verb	help; assist	To help someone with his/her work or do something that supports him/her.
동료	Noun	coworker; colleague	A person with whom one works at one's workplace.
동물	Noun	animal	"Among two categories of living things, those that get nutrients by eating their prey and move their bodies freely."
동물원	Noun	zoo	A place that cages and raises all kinds of animals and allows people to look at them.
동생	Noun	brother; sister	A word used to refer to or address a younger person than oneself in a friendly manner.
동아리	Noun	club	A group of people who have the same hobby or purpose.
동양	Noun	Orient	"Asia's eastern and southern region including Korea, Japan and China."
동전	Noun	coin	"Round money made of copper, etc."
동쪽	Noun	east	"One of the four points of the compass, the direction in which the sun rises."
돼지	Noun	pig	"An animal with a fat body, short legs and tail and small eyes."
돼지고기	Noun	pork	The meat of pigs eaten as food.
되다	Verb 	become	To change or transform into something or someone else.
된장	Noun	doenjang	"Soybean paste, made by fermenting soybeans after the beans are first used to make soy sauce."
된장찌개	Noun	doenjangjjigae	"Soybean paste stew, made by boiling fermented soybean paste with scallions, zucchini, bean curd, etc., added to water."
두껍다	Adjective	thick	The measured distance between one side of an object and the other side being long.
두다	Verb 	put; place; lay	To put something in a certain place.
두부	Noun	tofu	"A white, soft food made by grinding beans."
뒤	Noun	back	The direction that is opposite of the one that someone or something is facing.
드디어	Adverb 	at last; finally	In the state of something that one has eagerly waited for being achieved eventually ; in the end.
드라마	Noun	drama	A play performed in a theater or broadcast on television.
드리다	Verb	give; offer	(honorific) To give; to hand something over to someone or allow someone to use it.
드시다	Verb	eat	(honorific) Eat something.
듣기	Noun	listening	The ability to listen to another person's words and understanding them.
듣다	Verb	hear	To sense a sound with ears.
들다	Verb	raise; lift	To lift something from below in an upward motion.
들어가다	Verb	enter; go into	To go inside from outside.
들어오다	Verb	come in; get in; enter	To move inside from outside within a certain range.
등	Noun	back	The part that is opposite the chest and belly on the body of a human or animal.
등록금	Noun	tuition	The money paid upon the registration of a student at educational institutions such as a school or institute.
등록하다	Verb	register; enroll	"To put one's name on the list of regular students of an educational institute or school, or on the list of members of a group."
등산	Noun	hike; mountain climbing	"Mountain climbing with the purpose of exercising, amusement, etc."
등산복	Noun	hiking clothes	Clothes to wear when hiking.
등산하다	Verb	hike; climb	"To climb a mountain with the purpose of exercising, amusement, etc."
등산화	Noun	hiking boots	Shoes made to hike safely and comfortably.
디자인	Noun	design	"The plan or sketch of a work with a practical purpose in fashion, industrial goods, architecture, etc."
따다	Verb	pick	To take or tear off something clinging or attached to something.
따뜻하다	Adjective 	warm	"Being an appropriate, pleasant temperature, which is not too high."
따라가다	Verb	follow; go after	To follow someone or something ahead on the same track.
따라오다	Verb	follow	To trace someone or something that moves exactly in the same route.
따로	Adverb	separately	In such a manner that something is not together with or is not mixed with other things.
딱	Adverb	precisely	"In the state of being correct in number, amount, size, situation, etc."
딱딱하다	Adjective	hard	Very stiff and solid.
딸	Noun	daughter	A female child in relation to her parents.
딸기	Noun	strawberry	"A perennial plant that stretches its stems on the ground and bears a red fruit with seeds stuck on the outside, or the fruit."
땀	Noun	sweat	"A clear salty liquid that is excreted through the skin when one is hot, sick or nervous."
때	Noun	time	A certain moment or part of time.
때문	Bound Noun	because; because of	A cause or reason for a certain incident.
떠나다	Verb	leave; depart	To move from a place where one has been to another place.
떠들다	Verb	clamor; make a noise	To speak noisily in a loud voice.
떡	Noun	tteok	rice cake: A dish made by steaming or boiling grain powder such as injeolm.
떡국	Noun	tteokguk	"sliced rice cake soup: A dish made by cutting garaetteok, into thin slices and boiling them in clear broth."