사람	Noun	human; man	"A being that is capable of thinking, makes and uses languages and tools and lives by forming a society with others."
사랑	Noun	love	The attitude of sincerely caring about someone out of affection.
사랑하다	Verb	love; care	"To cherish, value, and care for someone with all one's heart."
사모님	Noun	another person's wife	(polite form) Another person's wife.
사무실	Noun	office; place of business; workplace	"A room at work for working on a given task, usually doing paperwork, etc."
사업가	Noun	businessperson; entrepreneur	A person who runs a business professionally
사용하다	Verb	use	To use something for a certain job or function.
사이	Noun	space; distance; gap	"The distance or space between one object and another, or between one place and another."
사이다	Noun	soda pop	A soft drink made by mixing soda with sweetened water.
사이즈	Noun	size; measurement	"A size or measurement of clothing, shoes, etc."
사이트	Noun	site	A place where information is stored so as to allow users to look for them by accessing the Internet.
사인하다	Verb	sign	To write down one's name uniquely so that others cannot imitate it.
사자	Noun	lion	"A large, ferocius animal whose males have a mane around its face and neck."
사장	Noun	president; chief executive	A person who represents a company and is responsible for corporate affairs.
사전	Noun	dictionary	"A book that lists a number of words in a certain order, and explains their pronunciation, meaning, origin, usage, etc."
사진	Noun	picture; photo	"An image of a certain object recorded by a camera, and then produced in a print format, in a file on the computer, etc. to preserve it for a long period of time."
사진기	Noun	camera	A machine for taking photographs.
사촌	Noun	cousin	A child of one's parent's sibling; one's relation with that child.
사탕	Noun	candy	"A bite-sized, hard and sweet confection made by boiling Korean liquid sweetener, yeot or sugar."
사회	Noun	society	"A group formed by people who belong to a similar class, or who hold similar occupations, positions, etc."
사흘	Noun	three days	Three days.
산	Noun	mountain	"A land mass that rises much higher above a plane and usually has trees, grass, rocks, etc."
산책하다	Verb	walk; stroll	To walk slowly around a nearby place for rest or health.
살(body)	Noun	flesh; weight	The tender part of the human or animal body that covers the bones.
살(unit)	Bound Noun	years old	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting years of age.
살다	Verb	live; be alive	To be alive.
삶다	Verb	boil	To put in water and boil.
삼거리	Noun	three-way crossing; intersection of three streets	A place where a road is divided into three ways.
삼겹살	Noun	samgyeopsal	"pork belly meat: A fleshy part of a pork belly, featuring three layers of fat and flesh, grilled pork belly, a Korea dish made from the meat."
삼계탕	Noun	samgyetang	"ginseng chicken soup: A dish made by boiling down a young chicken stuffed with ginseng, sticky rice, jujubes, etc."
삼촌	Noun	uncle; paternal uncle	A word used to refer to or address a brother of one's father or mother.
상	Noun	prize; reward	A thing given for doing something well or showing an excellent academic record.
상가	Noun	shopping complex; shopping mall	A building densely populated by shops.
상상하다	Verb 	imagine	To picture something in mind that does not exist or one has never experienced.
상영하다	Verb 	play; show; run	"To play a movie on a screen in a place such as a movie theater, etc., for an audience."
상자	Noun	box	"A square container made of wood or paper, etc., designed to hold things."
상점	Noun	store; shop	A store that sells goods.
상쾌하다	Adjective	refreshing	Feeling cool and fresh.
상품	Noun	product; goods	Goods to sell and buy.
상하다	Verb 	be hurt; be injured	To be wounded or become unhealthy.
새(animal)	Noun	bird	A two-legged flying animal with feathers and wings on its body.
새(Determiner)	Noun	new	"Having not existed already, but having just been created."
새로	Adverb 	newly	"Newly, not existing before."
새롭다	Adjective	new; fresh	Being different from existing ones or never having existed.
새벽	Noun	dawn 	The time around sunrise.
색	Noun	color; tint; hue	"An object's color such as red, yellow, blue, etc., or brightness or darkness, which are decided by light."
색깔	Noun	color; hue; tint	A sheen or color an object takes on when exposed to light.
샌드위치	Noun	sandwich	"Food made by putting vegetables, meat, egg, cheese, etc., between two pieces of bread."
샐러드	Noun	salad	"A dish made by pouring sauce such as mayonnaise, oil, vinegar, etc., on vegetables or fruit."
생각	Noun	thought	The act of a human being using his/her brains to judge or perceive something.
생각나다	Verb	occur	For a new idea to come to one's head.
생각하다	Verb	think	To judge or perceive something by using one's brain.
생년월일	Noun	date of birth; birth date	"The year, month and day of birth."
생선	Noun	raw fish	Fresh fish that has just been caught for food.
생선회	Noun	saengseon-hoe	"Thin slices of fresh fish eaten by dipping them in soy sauce or chogochujang, red chilli pepper paste with vinegar."
생신	Noun	birthday	(polite form) A person's day of birth.
생일	Noun	birthday	The day a person was born.
생활	Noun	life	The act of a person or animal living in a place
생활비	Noun	living expenses; cost of living	The money necessary for living.
샤워하다	Verb	shower	To wash the body with a nozzle that sprays water like rain.