떡볶이	Noun	tteokbokki	"Boiled rice cake with seasoning, made by boiling garaetteok."
떨리다	Verb	tremble	For a part of one's body or whole body to be shaken fast and repeatedly.
떨어뜨리다	Verb	drop	To let something at the top fall to the bottom.
떨어지다	Verb	fall; drop	To move downwardly.
또	Adverb	once more	In the manner of happening or behaving again.
또는	Adverb	or	If it is not.
똑같다	Adjective	exactly the same; equivalent to	"Not a bit different from each other in shape, amount, quality, etc."
똑똑하다	Adjective	clever; bright; sensible	Intelligent and wise.
똑바로	Adverb	straight; upright	"Straight, not tilting to any side."
뚱뚱하다	Adjective 	fat; corpulent	A person's body being wide as a result of putting on weight.
뛰다	Verb 	run; race; dash	To move forward in quick steps.
뛰어가다	Verb	run; go running	To run and go to a certain place very fast.
뜨겁다	Adjective	hot	(temperature) High.
뜻	Noun	intention; opinion; wish; cause	A thought or opinion in one's mind.
라디오	Noun	radio	the act of sending sounds through a radio wave to enable a person with a receiving device to listen to them.
라면	Noun	ramen; instant noodles	An easy-to-cook instant noodle dish made by just boiling previously-fried dry noodles and adding powdered soup to them.
러시아	Noun	Russia	Russia
로션	Noun	lotion	A thick liquid cosmetic which is applied to make the skin soft and moist.
리포트	Noun	report	"A report on the outcomes of a survey, research, experiment, etc."
마늘	Noun	garlic	"A vegetable with round cloves clustered in a circle, which has a unique smell and used widely for seasoning or side dishes."
마라톤	Noun	marathon	A race in athletics in which one runs 42.195km in one go.
마루	Noun	maru	"floor: In hanok, a traditional Korean house, a place built above the ground, covered with flat boards so as to allow one to sit or walk on."
마르다	Verb	dry up	For moisture to evaporate and disappear.
마리	Bound Noun	mari	"A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of animals, fish, bugs, etc."
마시다	Verb 	drink	"To make liquid such as water, etc., pass down one's throat."
마을	Noun	town	A place where many houses are gathered.
마음	Noun	personality	A trait that a person was born with.
마음대로	Adverb	at will	As and when one likes.
마지막	Noun	last	The very end of a time or order.
마치다	Verb 	complete; finish	For a task or process in progress to complete or to complete it.
마침	Adverb	opportunely; just at the time	"By chance, in the manner of being perfectly good for a certain opportunity or moment."
마침내	Adverb	finally; after all	"Eventually, in the end."
만나다	Verb 	meet; meet with; join	For one of two to go or come and be face to face with the other.
만두	Noun	dumpling	"Dumplings, made by kneading and pressing flour and wrapping minced meat, vegetables, etc., with the dough."
만들다	Verb 	make; create; produce; manufacture	"To create something that did not exist, using one's power or skill."
만약	Noun	supposing	An unexpected case or situation that one thinks might happen.
만지다	Verb 	touch	To put one's hand on something and move it.
만화	Noun	comics	"A picture that expresses comically a person's life, tells stories of a society or is based on imagination."
많다	Adjective	plentiful; many; a lot of	"A number, amount, etc., exceeding a certain standard."
많이	Adverb	much; in large numbers; in large amounts	"In a state in which a number, amount, degree, etc., are larger than a certain standard."
말	Noun	speech; words	Human voice through which thoughts or feelings are expressed and conveyed.
말리다	Verb 	stop; keep	To keep someone from doing a certain act.
말씀	Noun	words	(polite form) Words of another person.
말하기	Noun 	speaking	"The act of expressing one's ideas, feelings, opinions, etc., in words."
말하다	Verb 	say; tell; speak; talk	To verbally present a fact or one's thoughts or feelings.
맑다	Adjective	clean; clear	Clean and free of something dirty and filthy.
맛	Noun	taste	"A sensation that is felt when touching one's tongue to food, etc."
맛없다	Adjective	ill-tasting; unsavory	The taste of food being not good.
맛있다	Adjective	tasty; delicious	Tasting good.
맞다	Verb	be correct	For the answer to a problem to be correct.
맞은편	Noun	other side	The opposite side.
매우	Adverb 	very; very much; greatly	Much more than average.
매일	Noun	everyday	Every single day.
매점	Noun	snack bar; shop	A small shop or a vendor stall selling goods within facilities or an organization.
매주	Noun	every week	Each week.
맥주	Noun	beer	"A foamy alcoholic beverage made by adding water, bitter taste, and yeast to, most commonly, malted barley."
맵다	Adjective	spicy; hot	"Having a tangy taste like red peppers or mustard, which causes a sharp sensation at the tip of the tongue."
머리	Noun	head	A part of the human or animal body above the neck that includes the face and hair.
머리카락	Noun	hair	Each and every hair.