쌀	Noun	rice	The peeled grains of rice that are cooked for a meal.
쌀쌀하다	Adjective	chilly; rather cold	The weather being cold to a degree that one feels a bit cold.
쓰기	Noun	writing	An act of expressing one's thought or feeling in the written language.
쓰다(text)	Verb	write	"To write some letters by drawing strokes on paper with a writing instrument such as a pencil, pen, etc."
쓰다(thing)	Verb	use; work with; make use of	"To take a certain material, tool, method, etc., to do something."
쓰다(taste)	Adjective	bitter	Tasting like medicine.
쓰레기	Noun	rubbish; trash; garbage	"Dust swept away, or something that has been thrown away or to discarded."
씨(Bound Noun)	Bound Noun	Mr.; Ms.; Mrs.	A bound noun used to address or call out to a certain person deferentially.
씻다	Verb 	wash	To clean something by removing dirt or grime.
아(Interjection)	Interjection	oh; ah	"An exclamation uttered when the speaker expresses his/her surprise, embarrassment, impatience, or urgency."
아가씨	Noun	young lady; Miss	A single young woman.
아기	Noun	baby	An infant that feeds on breast milk.
아까	Adverb 	a little while ago; a moment ago	A minute ago.
아깝다	Adjective	regrettable	A little sad because one has lost something valuable.
아내	Noun	wife	The man's female partner in marriage.
아니	Interjection	no; nope; no way	An exclamation uttered when the speaker gives a negative answer to the question.
아니다	Adjective	not	Used to negate a fact or statement.
아니요	Interjection	no; no sir; no ma'am	An exclamation uttered when the speaker gives a negative answer to the question of his/her elder or superior.
아들	Noun	son	One's male child.
아래	Noun	bottom; lower part	A lower position than a certain standard.
아르바이트	Noun	part-time job; side job; student job; moonlighting	"A temporary job one has to make money or to make more money, besides one's main job or role."
아름답다	Adjective	beautiful; pretty	"A color, appearance, or voice, etc., pleasing and satisfying one's eyes and ears."
아마	Adverb	maybe; likely	An adverb used to indicate that something is possible but not sure or certain.
아무	Pronoun	anybody; anyone	A pronoun referring to an unspecified person.
아버지	Noun	father; male parent	A word used to refer to or address the man who has procreated as the male parent.
아빠	Noun	dad; daddy	A word used to refer to or address a father in an informal situation.
아시아	Noun	Asia	Asia
아이(애)	Noun	child; kid	A young person.
아이스크림	Noun	ice cream	"A smooth ice snack, made by freezing the mixture of sugar, milk, fruit juice, etc."
아저씨	Noun	man	A word used to refer to or address a male adult who is not old and is not related.
아주	Adverb	very; so; extremely	To a degree much greater than normal.
아주머니(아줌마)	Noun	lady; madam	A word used to refer to or address a woman who is married and not related.
아직	Adverb	yet; still	An adverb used to indicate that more time is needed to reach a certain state.
아침	Noun	morning	The hours between dawn and the time when the sun is up and daily activities start.
아파트	Noun	apartment; apartment building	"A residential building made for many households to live independently in one tall, large building."
아프다	Adjective 	hurting; aching	Feeling pain or suffering due to an injury or illness.
아프리카	Noun	Africa	Africa
악기	Noun	musical instrument	An instrument used to play music.
악수하다	Verb 	shake hands; shake one's hand	"To extend a hand to hold the hand of another person, to greet, thank or reconcile."
안(Adverb)	Adverb	not	An adverb that has the meaning of negation or opposite.
안(place)	Noun	inside	The side that faces the center from the circumference of an object or space; such a part.
안개	Noun	fog; mist; haze	"The phenomenon where water vapor comes together to form tiny, misty droplets that float close to the ground."
안경	Noun	glasses; spectacles	An instrument that one wears over the eyes to proctect them or to supplement his/her eyesight for better vision.
안과	Noun	ophthalmology; department of ophthalmology	"A field of medical science that treats diseases of the eye, or the department of the hospital that is in charge of the field."
안내	Noun	introduction	The act of making someone know something by introducing it to him/her; such a job.
안내하다	Verb 	make known 	"To introduce something to someone, helping him/her know it."
안녕하다	Verb 	peaceful; calm	Comfortable without any problems or worries.
안녕히	Adverb	in peace	Comfortably without any problems or worries.
안색	Noun	complexion	A facial expression or color of one's face.
안전하다	Adjective	safe	Having no worry of falling into danger or becoming the victim of an accident.
앉다	Verb	sit; be seated	To place one's weight on the bottocks and put his/her body on an object or on the floor with his/her upper body in an upright position.
알다	Verb	know; understand	"To have information or knowledge about an object or situation through education, experience, thoughts, etc."
알리다	Verb 	inform; tell; notify	To let someone realize or know what he/she did not know or forgot.
알맞다	Adjective 	appropriate; proper; suitable 	"Satisfying a certain standard, condition, or degree without being excessive or insufficient."
알아듣다	Verb 	catch; get; comprehend	To hear what someone says and understand what it means.
알아보다	Verb 	investigate; examine; look into	To make an investigation into or inquire into something in order to know what one does not know.
앞	Noun	front	The direction or place one is facing.
애인	Noun	lover; one's beloved	A person who loves or is loved in a romantic relationship between a man and woman.
액세서리	Noun	accessories	A variety of things worn on clothes or the part of body for decoration.
액션영화	Noun	acion movie	Action movie is a film which include action.