착하다	Adjective 	kind; generous	"One's heart, behavior, etc., being honest, nice, and friendly."
참	Noun	truth	Something that is not contrary to a fact or reason.
참기름	Noun	sesame oil	The oil extracted from sesame seeds.
창	Noun	spear; javelin	"A weapon made by attaching a sharply pointed piece of iron at the end of a long wooden stick, used to throw or stab."
창구	Noun	counter	"A place or department in an office where one can exchange documents, money, goods, etc., or interact with an outsider."
창문	Noun	window	An opening in the wall or roof made to let in air or light.
찾다	Verb	find; look for	"To look here and there in order to gain something or find someone, or to gain something or find someone."
찾아가다	Verb	go visiting	To go to a place to meet someone or do something.
찾아오다	Verb	come visiting	To go to a place to meet someone or do something.
채소	Noun	vegetable	"A plant grown in a field, of which the leaves, stems, or fruits are edible."
책	Noun	books; publications	"Pieces of writing, pictures, etc., that are printed and bound."
책꽂이	Noun	bookshelf	A piece of furniture for holding books.
책상	Noun	desk	"A table at which one reads a book, writes, or handles office work."
책임	Noun	duty; responsibility; obligation	A task or duty that one is responsible for.
책장	Noun	bookshelf; bookcase	A piece of furniture for holding books.
처방전	Noun	prescription	Written instructions stating a formula for preparing medication to treat an illness.
처음	Noun	first; forefront	The first in order or chronology.
천둥	Noun	thunder	An atmospheric phenomenon that is characterized by a very loud noise and lightning.
천주교	Noun	Catholicism	A religious faith that follows the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church and recognizes its authority.
천천히	Adverb 	slowly	In the manner of moving or acting slowly.
첫	Determiner	first	Of the very first.
첫째	Noun	first	"The thing preceding all other things, the topmost"
청바지	Noun	jeans	A pair of blue pants made of strong cotton.
청소	Noun	cleaning	An act of cleaning something dirty and messy.
청소기	Noun	vacuum cleaner	An electrical appliance used for cleaning that sucks in dust or small pieces of trash.
청소하다	Verb	clean	To clean something dirty and messy.
쳐다보다	Verb	look up	To look upwards from below.
초대	Noun	invitation	"An act of asking someone to come to a certain place, gathering, event, etc."
초대장	Noun	invitation; invitation card	"A written request to be present in a certain place, gathering, event, etc."
초대하다	Verb	invite	"To ask someone to come to a certain place, gathering, event, etc."
초등학교	Noun	elementary school; primary school	"A six-year school which accepts six-year-old children, as the first level of school education, to teach them the basic curriculum."
초등학생	Noun	elementary school student	A student who goes to primary school.
초록색	Noun	green	"The color of dark grass, between blue and yellow."
초콜릿	Noun	chocolate	"Sweet, mostly dark-colored food, that is made by mixing cocoa powder, milk, sugar, etc."
촛불	Noun	candlelight	The flame of a candle.
촬영하다	Verb 	shoot	"To film people, objects, scenes, etc., as a photograph or movie."
최고	Noun 	the highest; top	The degree of something being the highest.
추다	Verb 	dance	To perform the movements of a dance.
추석	Noun	Chuseok	One of traditional Korean holiday; it falls on August 15th by the lunar calendar; 
추억	Noun	memory	"An act of looking back on a past incident, or such a thought or the incident itself."
추천하다	Verb	recommend	To responsibly introduce someone or something that meets a certain condition.
축구	Noun	soccer	"A sport in which eleven players form a team, who can win the game by shooting more goals into the other team's net, using mostly their feet or heads."
축제	Noun	festival	A large-scale event to commemorate or celebrate something.
축하하다	Verb	congratulate; celebrate	"To greet someone with pleasure, commenting on his/her happy occasion, achievement, etc."
출근	Noun	going to work; arriving at work	"An act of leaving home for a workplace or arriving at a workplace, to work."
출근하다	Verb	go to work; arrive at work	"To leave home for a workplace or to arrive at a workplace, to work."
출발하다	Verb	depart; leave	"To leave a place, heading for another place."
출장	Noun	business trip	An act of temporarily going to another site to work.
출판사	Noun	publisher; publishing company	"A company that makes pieces of writing, painting, music, etc., into books or collections and releases them in public."
춤	Noun	dance	An act of moving one's body to music or a regular beat.
춥다	Adjective 	cold; chilly	For one's body to feel that the air is cold and the temperature low.
충분하다	Adjective 	sufficient; enough	"Being ample, without shortage."
충분히	Adverb 	enough; sufficiently; fully	"In an ample quantity, without shortage."
취미	Noun	hobby	Something one likes and enjoys doing for fun.
취소하다	Verb	cancel	"To take back what has been announced, or revoke what has been promised or planned."
취직	Noun	getting a job	The state of obtaining a job and going to work.
취직하다	Verb	get a job; be hired; be employed	To obtain a job and go to work.
취하다	Verb	be drunk; be intoxicated	"To be unable to think or move properly, due to the effect of alcoholic drinks, medicine, etc."
층	Noun	layer	"One of several layers of different substances or objects stacked horizontally, or the state of things being stacked that way."
치과	Noun	dental surgery; dentistry; dentist’s office; dental clinic	"A field of medical science that treats diseases of teeth, supporting tissue such as gum, mouth, etc."