배(body)	Noun	abdomen; belly	The part between the chest and legs on the human or animal body.
배(conveyance )	Noun	boat; ship; vessel	"A means of transportation that travels on the water, carrying people or goods."
배(fruit)	Noun	pear	"A round sweet juicy fruit with yellow skin and white insides, which is produced in the fall."
배구	Noun	volleyball	A game in which there is a net in the middle of a rectangular court and players hit the ball with their hands while keeping the ball from hitting ground in an attempt to pass it to the opponent's side of the net.
배낭	Noun	backpack; knapsack	"A bag for putting in objects, made to carry on one's shoulders."
배달	Noun	delivery	"The act of delivering mail, goods, food, etc."
배달하다	Verb	deliver	"To deliver mail, goods, food, etc."
배우	Noun	actor; actress	"A person who acts the part of a character in a movie, play, drama, etc."
배우다	Verb	learn	To obtain new knowledge.
배추	Noun	Chinese cabbage; napa cabbage	"A long, green vegetable with yellowish white insides, of which the round leaves are grown overlapping each other, mainly used to make kimchi."
배탈	Noun	stomachache; upset stomach; stomach upset	"A disorder of indigestive function, characterized by diarrhea or pain in the stomach."
백화점	Noun	department store	A large retail store divided into departments selling a great many kinds of goods in one building.
버리다	Verb	throw away; dump	To throw or pour out unnecessary things that one has had.
버스	Noun	bus	A large vehicle designed to carry passengers along a fixed route for a fare.
번	Bound Noun	beon	A bound noun used to indicate the sequence of a task.
번개	Noun	lightning	"A strong light flashing for a split second in the sky, along with the sound of thunder when it rains."
번째	Bound Noun	beonjjae	A bound noun indicating the order or frequency of something.
번호	Noun	number	A numeral given to distinguish something from another or show a fixed order.
벌	Noun	bee	"A flying insect with a venomous sting at the end of its body, which gathers nectar and pollen from flowers and stores them."
벌다	Verb	make; earn	To obtain or save money by doing some work.
벌레	Noun	worm; bug	"An animal whose body has a simple structure, such as an insect or parasite."
벌써	Adverb 	so soon	More quickly than one thought.
법	Noun	law; act	A set of regulations and rules that the state institutes for all citizens to comply with.
벗다	Verb	take off	"To have an object, clothes, etc., taken off one's body."
베트남	Noun	Vietnam	Vietnam
벽	Noun	wall	Any of the parts that enclose a room or house.
변비	Noun	constipation	A symptom in which feces are not excreted well as they have become hard after remaining in the large intestine too long.
변하다	Verb	change; turn; become different	For something to become something else or become different in nature.
변호사	Noun	lawyer	A person who is legally qualified to defend a defendant or plaintiff and to professionally deal with law-related matters.
별	Noun	star	A celestial body other than the moon that shines at night.
별로	Adverb	specially; particularly	Separately in particular; differently to such a degree.
별명	Noun	nickname	"A name given to someone, which shows his/her characteristics unlike his/her real name."
병	Noun	disease	The abnormal state of a living organism's body that hinders normal activities and causes pain.
병(thing)	Noun	bottle	"A container with a long, narrow neck, used mainly for holding liquid or powder."
병문안	Noun	visit to a sick person	The act of visiting and consoling a sick person.
병원	Noun	hospital; clinic	A place equipped with facilities where doctors and nurses care for the sick.
보고서	Noun	report	A document or article that provides the details or results of research or a survey.
보관하다	Verb	keep; store	To have a thing in one's keeping.
보내다	Verb	send	"To make a person, goods, etc., go somewhere else."
보다	Verb	see; look at; notice	To perceive with eyes the existence or appearance of an object.
보라색	Noun	violet; purple	A mixed color of red and blue.
보여주다	Verb	show	"If something shows that a state of affairs exists, it ives information that proves it or makes it clear to people."
보통	Adverb	usually; in general	"Generally, or normally"
복도	Noun	corridor; hallway	"A passage in a building, into which the doors of rooms open."
복사하다	Verb	copy	To transfer an exact copy of an original thing onto another place.
복숭아	Noun	peach	"A round summer fruit that has a pink or white color, sweet taste, and a large stone in the middle."
복잡하다	Adjective	complex; complicated	"Things, emotions, etc., being too entangled to sort out."
볶다	Verb	stir-fry	"To drain most of water from ingredients, put them in a frying pan, and cook them over heat while stirring continuously."
볶음밥	Noun	fried rice	A dish made by stir-frying rice with sliced vegetables or meat in oil.
볼일	Noun	business; things to do	Things to do.
볼펜	Noun	ballpoint pen	A writing instrument which disperses ink by using the rotation of a small metal ball at its point when it moves.
봄	Noun	spring	The season between winter and summer.
봉지	Noun	bag; pouch	A container made of paper or plastic to put things in.
봉투	Noun	envelope	"A bag made of paper, into which a letter, document, etc., are put."
뵙다	Verb	see; meet; meet with	To see a person who is elder.
부끄럽다	Adjective	shy	Bashful or coy.
부동산	Noun	property; real estate	Immovable property such as land or buildings.
부드럽다	Adjective	soft; smooth	"Silky, not rough or stiff, to the touch."
부딪치다	Verb	hit; bump; crash	(emphasizing form) For something to hit hard against another thing; to make this situation happen.
부러지다	Verb	break; be broken; fracture	For a hard thing to snap and be folded or break into two.