여행	Noun	travel; trip	"The act of going away from home, and visiting other places or foreign countries and doing sightseeing."
여행사	Noun	travel agency	"A company that offers an array of services for travel, including transportation, accomodaton, tour guide, etc."
여행하다	Verb 	travel; trip	"To go away from home, and visit other places or foreign countries and do sightseeing."
역	Noun	station; stop 	A place where a train departs and arrives.
역사	Noun	history	"The process of a human society where it flourishes and collapses with time, or the records of such process."
역시	Adverb	also; as well	Likewise.
역할	Noun	role; part	Activities assigned to someone or that he/she has to do.
연결하다	Verb 	connect	"To connect or relate two or more things or phenomena, etc., to each other."
연극	Noun	play; drama; theater	An act in which an actor or actress acts on a stage according to a script for the audience.
연기	Noun	smoke	A gas created when something burns.
연락	Noun	communication	The act of delivering a fact.
연락처	Noun	contact information	A telephone number or address via which one can contact someone else.
연락하다	Verb 	notify; communicate; speak to	To deliver a fact in order to inform someone of it.
연세	Noun	age	(honorific) One's age.
연습	Noun	practice	The act of doing something repeatedly in order to be good at it.
연습하다	Verb	practice	To do something repeatedly in order to be good at it.
연예인	Noun	entertainer	"A person who acts, sings, or dances professionally."
연주회	Noun	concert; recital	A performance of music in front of an audience.
연필	Noun	pencil	An implement used to write or draw by putting thin and long black lead in a wooden stick.
연하장	Noun	New Year's card	A card or letter that contains a simple message or picture for celebrating the new year or asking after someone.
열(state)	Noun	fever	A hot sensation that occurs when one is sick.
열다	Verb	open; unlock	To open or unlock something closed or locked.
열쇠	Noun	key	A device for locking or opening a lock.
열심히	Adverb	hard; diligently; zealously	With all one's heart.
열차	Noun	train	A railroad or subway train made of a series of cars linked serially.
엽서	Noun	postcard	A card which can be sent without an envelope by mail.
영국	Noun	England; the United Kingdom	England; the United Kingdom
영상(temperature )	Noun	temperature above zero	A temperature above zero degrees Celsius.
영하	Noun	temperature below zero	A temperature below zero degrees Celsius.
영화	Noun	film; movie	A composite art which captures moving objects on film with a certain message and then shows it on a screen by using a projector.
영화관	Noun	movie theater	"A place for showing a movie, which is equipped with facilities that enable a lot of people to watch a movie all together."
영화배우	Noun	film actor; movie actress	A person who performs in a movie.
옆	Noun	side	The right or left side of something.
예	Interjection	yes sir; yes ma'am	An exclamation uttered when the speaker answers the call of his/her elder.
예쁘다	Adjective	pretty; beautiful; comely	The appearance of someone or something looking good and beautiful.
예약	Noun	reservation; booking	"The act of arranging a place, room, object, etc., in advance for future use, or such an arrangement."
예약하다	Verb 	make a reservation; book	"To arrange a place, room, object, etc., in advance for future use."
예절	Noun	courtesy; manners	A polite way of talking or behaving which one should respect while living as a member of society.
예정	Noun	plan; expectation	The act of deciding or expecting what to do in the future.
옛날	Noun	past; ancient times	A time that is far back from the present.
오늘	Noun	today	The day that is passing at the present time.
오다	Verb	come	For something to move from another place to here.
오래	Adverb	long	For a long time.
오래되다	Adjective	old; ancient	Marked by a long duration of time since the start or formation of something.
오랜만	Noun	being after a long time 	A state in which a long time has passed since something happened.
오랫동안	Noun	for ages	For a very long time.
오렌지	Noun	orange	"An orange-colored, round fruit which is juicy and has thick skin."
오른쪽	Noun	right	The east-facing side from the vantage point of someone who is facing north.
오리	Noun	duck	"An animal with a large beak, which can swim well due to its webbed feet."
오빠	Noun	elder brother	A word used only by a girl to refer to or address endearingly another male who is older than she.
오이	Noun	cucumber	"A plant which has yellow flowers and long, oval-shaped, green fruits in summer, or its fruit."
오전	Noun	morning	The time from morning to noon.
오징어	Noun	squid	"A sea animal which has a long, pliable body with ten long legs and no bones."
오후	Noun	afternoon	The duration from noon to the time when the sun goes down.
온도계	Noun	thermometer	An instrument for measuring the temperature of something.
온통	Adverb	entirely; wholly	All of everything.
올라가다	Verb	go up; rise; ascend	"To move from the bottom to the top, or from a lower place to a higher one."
올라오다	Verb 	come up; rise; ascend	To move from a lower place to a higher one.
올림	Noun	Sincerely yours; Yours very truly	A term written next to the name of the sender as a sign of respect when he/she sends a letter or gift to someone older.
올해	Noun	this year	The current year.