건강하다	Adjective	healthy; strong	"Physically or mentally strong, without catching a disease."
건너가다	Verb	cross; go across	"To move from one place to another across a river, bridge, road, etc."
건너다	Verb	cross; go across	To cross or pass through something to move over to the opposite side of it.
건너편	Noun 	opposite side	"The side on the opposite side, across something."
건물	Noun 	building; structure; edifice	A structure with walls and a roof for people to live in or store objects.
걷다	Verb	walk	"To lift one's feet, one foot at a time, from the ground and change their positions."
걸다	Verb	hang	To hang a certain object somewhere so as to prevent it from falling.
걸리다	Verb	hang	For a certain object to be hung somewhere so as not to fall.
걸어가다	Verb	walk; tread; stride	To take a step forward in the direction of a destination.
걸어오다	Verb	walk; come on foot	To take a step forward in the direction of a destination.
검사	Noun	examination; inspection	"Reviewing a certain incident or object to decide whether it is right or wrong, or good or bad."
검은색	Noun	black	A very dark color like a night sky with no light.
것	Bound Noun	something	A bound noun used to refer to a thing or fact that is not specified or determind by someone.
겉	Noun 	outside; surface; exterior	The outer part of an object that has an inside and an outside.
게으르다	Adjective	lazy	Acting slowly and hating to move or work.
게임	Noun	game	A play for deciding the winner and loser according to a certain rule.
겨울	Noun 	winter	"One of four seasons which is the coldest, and comes between fall and spring."
결과	Noun 	result; outcome	The state or status after a project or process is completed.
결국	Noun 	conclusion; end; finale	The stage where an incident or situation is completed.
결석하다	Verb	be absent from; stay away from	"To miss official gatherings, such as school or meetings."
결심	Noun	decision; resolution; determination	Making up one's mind about something or this mindset.
결정하다	Verb	decide	To clearly make a decision about what and how to do it.
결혼	Noun	marriage; wedding; union; matrimony	A man and woman become legally a married couple.
결혼식	Noun	wedding	A ceremony announcing the legal matrimony of a man and woman of legal age.
결혼하다	Verb	marry 	For a man and a woman to become a legally married couple.
경기	Noun	game; match	Sports or skill-based competitions.
경기장	Noun	stadium; sports ground	A place with sports games facilities and audience seats.
경찰관	Noun	police officer; cop	A government employee whose job it is to keep order in society and protect people and property from crimes.
경찰서	Noun	police station	A government office responsible for the police administration of a region.
경치	Noun	scenery; scene; view	A beautiful scene of nature or an area.
경험	Noun	experience	"Doing or going through something, or the knowledge or skills obtained in doing so."
계단	Noun	stairs; staircase	"A structure consisting of a series of parallel rungs arranged diagonally, used for climbing up or down."
계란	Noun	egg	A chicken egg.
계산하다	Verb 	calculate	"To count numbers or make calculations, including addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, etc."
계속	Adverb	continuously; successively	Continually without interruption.
계시다	Verb	live	(honorific) For one's senior or superior to live somewhere.
계절	Noun	season	"One of four divisions of a year distinguished by natural phenomena, which are spring, summer, fall, and winter."
계획하다	Verb	plan; scheme	To consider carefully about future events and make arrangements for them.
고구마	Noun	sweet potato; yam	"The root of a plant with a brown or red skin, with yellow insides which taste sweet and savory."
고기	Noun	meat	The flesh of animals that is eaten as food.
고등학교	Noun	high school	A school which a middle school graduate or a person with equivalent qualifications goes to.
고르다	Verb	choose; select	To pick out or single out something among several things.
고맙다	Adjective	thankful; grateful	Pleased and wanting to return a favor to someone.
고모	Noun	paternal aunt	A word used to refer to or address the sister of one's father.
고모부	Noun	uncle by marriage	A word used to refer to or address the husband of a paternal aunt.
고민하다	Verb	agonize; writhe	To be in agony and distressed due to a worry on one's mind.
고생하다	Verb 	go through a hardship; have difficulty	"To suffer a painful, difficult, and hard problem."
고속도로	Noun	expressway; freeway	A driveway set by the law for vehicles to drive fast.
고속버스	Noun	express bus	A bus that usually uses the freeway and travels a long distance at high speed.
고양이	Noun	cat	A small animal which can see well in the dark and catches mice well and which is also raised as a pet.
고장나다	Verb 	break	"When an object breaks or when you break it, it suddenly separates into two or more pieces."
고추	Noun	red pepper; hot pepper	"A finger-sized, spicy fruit, whose initial green color changes to red when ripe."
고치다	Verb 	repair; mend	To fix something broken so that it can be used again.
고프다	Adjective	hungry	Wanting to eat food due to an empty stomach.
고향	Noun	home; hometown	A place where one was born and grew up.
곡	Noun	music; musical piece	A piece of music.
곧	Adverb	immediately	Quickly without delay.
골고루	Adverb	equally; evenly	In equal amounts without any difference in quantity.
곱다	Adjective	beautiful	An appearance or shape looking beautiful.
곳	Noun	place; spot; location	A certain spot or location.