소식	Noun	news	Words or a piece of writing that describes the state or circumstances of a person who is far away or not frequently available.
소아과	Noun	pediatrics	"A field of medical science that treats diseases of children, or the department of the hospital that is in charge of the field."
소주	Noun	soju	"A Korean liquor distilled with grains, sweet potatoes, etc."
소파	Noun	sofa; couch	"A long, soft chair that one can sit on and rest one's back against."
소포	Noun	package; parcel	"A small, wrapped packet sent by mail."
소풍	Noun	trip; picnic; outing	"The act of going outside to admire the scenery or to relax, play, etc."
소화제	Noun	digestive medicine	Medicine taken to help digestion.
속	Noun	inside stuff; interior; flesh	The inside part of an object that is covered with a coat or skin.
속도	Noun	speed	The speed of either an object's movement or the process of things.
속옷	Noun	underwear	Clothes worn directly on top of the body inside the outer clothing.
손	Noun	hand	A body part connected at the end of the wrist that is used to touch or grab something.
손가락	Noun	finger	The end of the human hand that is divided into five parts.
손님	Noun	visitor; caller; guest	(honorific) A person who comes to visit someone.
손수건	Noun	handkerchief	"A small, thin towel that one carries to use."
손자	Noun	grandson	The son of one's son or daughter.
송이	Noun	bunch; cluster	"A number of things such as flowers or fruits, etc., grouped together."
쇠고기	Noun	beef	"Meat from cow, bull or ox."
쇼핑하다	Verb	do the shopping	"To go around a department store or shop, look at things, and buy them."
수건	Noun	towel	"A cloth used to wipe the water off the body, face and hand."
수고하다	Verb 	take the trouble	To use much of one's energy and make an effort to do a certain thing.
수도	Noun	capital	The city where a country's central government is located.
수돗물	Noun	tap water	Water from water supply.
수리하다	Verb	accept	To process a matter or document officially.
수박	Noun	watermelon	"A big, green, round fruit with blackish blue stripes on it which contains red, watery flesh."
수수료	Noun	commission; fee; charge	A fee received for doing something on behalf of someone.
수술하다	Verb	operate	"To slit, cut, attach, and stitch a body part or organ in order to treat an illness."
수업	Noun	class; lesson; course	A teacher teaching a student certain studies or skills.
수영	Noun	swimming	Swimming in the water.
수영복	Noun	swimsuit; bathing suit	Clothes worn when swimming.
수영장	Noun	swimming pool	A place equipped with facilities so that people can enjoy swimming or participate in swimming competitions.
수영하다	Verb	swim	To swim in the water.
수요일	Noun	Wednesday	The third day of a week that starts from Monday.
수입	Noun	earning; income	"The act of obtaining money or goods, etc., for one's work; or the money or goods thus obtained."
수저	Noun	spoon and chopsticks	A compound noun meaning a spoon and chopsticks
수첩	Noun	pocket notebook	A small notebook carried around to write things down in a simple manner when necessary.
수표	Noun	check	A certificate used like money with which the bank gives the amount of money written on it.
숙소	Noun	lodging; accommodations	A place that is not one's house where one stays temporarily.
숙제	Noun	homework	An assignment given to students to do after class for a review or preview.
순서	Noun	procedure; process	An order by which one does a certain task or a sequence in which work is done.
숟가락	Noun	spoon	"A tool with a round, concave part and a long handle used to scoop up rice, soup, etc."
술	Noun	alcohol; liquor	"A beverage that contains alcoholic ingredients so that one gets drunk if one drinks it, such as beer, soju, Korean distilled liquor, etc."
술집	Noun	bar	A place that sells alcohol.
숨다	Verb	hide	To hide one's body so that others cannot see it.
숫자	Noun	number; figure	A word indicating numbers.
숲	Noun	forest	A place that is full of trees and grasses.
쉬다(state)	Verb	rest; repose; take a rest	To relax oneself to relieve one's fatigue.
쉬다(breath)	Verb 	breathe	To breathe in and out air through the nose or mouth.
쉽다	Adjective	easy	Not hard or difficult to do.
슈퍼마켓	Noun	supermarket; grocery store	"A big store that is equipped with food, daily necessities, etc., and sells them."
스스로	Adverb 	by oneself; for oneself 	On one's own without others' help.
스웨터	Noun	sweater	A thick upper garment knit with yarn.
스카프	Noun	scarf	"A long, thin piece of fabric put on the head or wrapped around the neck for warmth or fashion."
스케이트	Noun	skate	"An exercise apparatus for ice skating, made by attaching a metal blade to the soles of shoes."
스키	Noun	ski	"A long, narrow apparatus made of wood or plastic, allowing a rider to glide on snow."
스키장	Noun	ski resort	A place equipped with facilities where people can ski.
스트레스	Noun	stress	"A state in which one feels pressure and tension mentally and physically in work, relationships, environment, etc."
스포츠	Noun	sports	The act of moving the body according to certain rules or competing using athletic equipment.
슬퍼하다	Verb	be sad	To consider as sad and sorrowful enough to cry.
슬프다	Adjective 	sad	Sad and sorrowful enough to make one cry.
습관	Noun	habit	A mode of behavior naturally learned through repetition.