야	Interjection	hey	"An exclamation used when an adult calls out to a child, or when persons of similar age call out to each other."
야구	Noun	baseball	"A game played by two opposing teams of nine people, taking turns batting and fielding."
약(Determiner)	Determiner	about; approximately; around	An unconjugation adjective used to indicate that a quantity is close to a certain number.
약(eat)	Noun	medicine; medication; pill; drug	"A substance orally administered, applied or injected to treat or prevent an illness, wound, etc."
약국	Noun	pharmacy	A place where pharmacists prepare or sell medicine.
약사	Noun	pharmacist	A person who prepares and sells medicine as an occupation.
약속	Noun	promise; appointment; pledge	"An act of agreeing with someone to do a certain thing, or details of such an agreement."
약하다	Adjective	weak	Having small power.
얇다	Adjective	thin	Not thick.
양	Noun	sheep	A meek animal with white hair all over its body.
양말	Noun	sock	"A thing made of thread or cloth, worn on the foot to cover it or protect it from cold."
양보하다	Verb 	offer; yield; give way to	"To give up one's seat, possession, etc., for another person."
양복	Noun	suit	A man's western-style formal dress.
양산	Noun	parasol	A type of umbrella usually used by women as a sunshade.
양식	Noun	mode; form	A certain form or manner needed in doing something.
양파	Noun	onion	A round-shaped and pungent vegetable with distinctive smell.
얕다	Adjective	shallow	Having a short distance from top to bottom or from outside to inside.
어깨	Noun	shoulder	The body part between the lower end of the neck and the upper end of the arm.
어느	Determiner	which	Asking for particular something or someone within a number of things.
어둡다	Verb 	dark; dim	Not bright due to the lack of light.
어디	Pronoun	where	The word that means a place which one does not know.
어떠하다	Adjective	such	"Being such in one's thoughts, feelings, state, situation, etc."
어떻게	Adverb	how	You use how to ask about the way in which something happens or is done.
어떻다	Adjective	such	"Being such in one's thoughts, feelings, state, situation, etc."
어렵다	Adjective	difficult; challenging	Very complicated or hard to do.
어른	Noun	adult	A fully-grown person.
어리다	Adjective	young	Low in age.
어린이	Noun	children; kids	A young boy and girl from those aged four or five to elementary school students.
어머	Interjection 	oh my goodness; why	An exclamation used when mainly women are suddenly surprised at or admire an unexpected matter.
어머니	Noun	ther	A word used to refer to or address the woman who has given birth to you.
어서	Adverb	quickly; without hesitation; without delay	A word used to hurry someone to work or do something quickly.
어울리다	Verb 	harmonize	For several things to be in harmony and unite as one.
어제	Noun	yesterday	The day before the present day.
억	Numeral	hundred million	The number that is the product of ten thousand times ten thousand.
언니	Noun	older sister	A word used only by a female to refer to or address another female older than herself endearingly.
언어	Noun	language	"The means of communication, such as sounds, letters, etc. for expressing or conveying one's thoughts or feelings."
언제	Pronoun	when; what time	Some time that one does not know.
언제나	Adverb	always; all the time	Every time; invariably without changing with time.
언제든지	Adverb	anytime	You use anytime to mean a point in time which is not fixed or set.
얼굴	Noun	face	"The front part of the head that has the eyes, nose and mouth."
얼른 	Adverb	quickly; immediately; promptly	Right away without lingering over something.
얼마	Noun	what amount; what number; what price	"A number, amount, price, and degree that one does not know exactly."
얼마나	Adverb	how	How much.
얼음	Noun	ice	Frozen and hardened water.
엄마	Noun	mom	A word used to refer to or address one's mother in an informal situation.
없다	Adjective 	non-existent	(for a person or thing to be) Not existent in reality.
에어컨	Noun	air conditioner 	A device that generates cool air and controls humidity.
엘리베이터	Noun	evator	A device that transports people or freight between floors by using motive power.
여권	Noun	passport	An official document that proves a traveler's nationality or identity in a foreign country.
여기	Pronoun	here; this	A pronoun used to indicate a place close to the speaker.
여기저기	Noun 	being here and there; being place to place; everywhere	A variety of places or locations that are not clearly specified.
여덟	Numeral 	eight	The number that is the sum of seven and one.
여동생	Noun	younger sister	A sister who is younger than oneself.
여러	Determiner	several; many; a lot of	A large number of.
여러분	Pronoun	everyone; everybody	A pronoun used to respectfully address multiple listerners.
여름	Noun	summer	One of four seasons which is hot and comes between spring and fall.
여보	Interjection	honey; darling; sweetheart	A word used by a husband or wife to address each other.
여자	Noun	woman	A person who was born a female.
여쭈다/여쭙다	Verb 	ask politely	To ask one's elders something.
여학생	Noun	female student 	A student who is female.