귀엽다	Adjective	cute; adorable; sweet	Pretty and adorable.
규칙	Noun	rule	A law enacted so that many people will follow it.
귤	Noun	tangerine; mandarin orange	"A sweet-and-sour, orange-colored, round fruit of a tangerine tree, whose skin is peeled before eating."
그	Determiner	that	A term referring to something near the listener or what the listener is thinking.
그냥	Adverb	as it is; as it stands	In the manner of leaving something as it is.
그대로	Adverb	as it is; as it stands	Exactly as the original shape or state.
그동안	Noun	meantime; meanwhile	"The previously-mentioned period, or a certain period of time before one sees or contacts someone again."
그래	Interjection	okay; sure	"An exclamation used when giving a positive answer that means 'I'll do so', 'Yes, it is', or 'I see.'"
그래서	Adverb	so; therefore	A word used when the preceding statement is the basis for the following statement.
그램	Bound Noun	gram	A bound noun that serves as a unit of weight measurement.
그러나	Adverb	but; however	A word used to indicate that a statement is the opposite of the following statement.
그러니까	Adverb	so	"For that reason, or therefore."
그런데	Adverb	by the way	A word used to change the direction of a story while relating it to the preceding statement.
그럼	Adverb	if so; in that case	A word used when the following statement is conditional upon the preceding one.
그렇게	Adverb	so	a conjugated form of 'be so'.
그렇다	Adverb	so; as such; like that	"A state, appearance, characteristic, etc. being as such."
그렇지만	Adverb	but; however; nevertheless	A word used to say something opposed to the preceding statement; although it is true.
그릇	Noun	bowl; dish; container	A utensil that holds food.
그리고	Adverb	and	A word used to connect the preceding statement with the following one.
그리다	Verb	draw; paint	"To express an object in lines or colors by using a pencil, brush, etc."
그림	Noun	drawing; painting; sketch	"Shapes, images, etc., that are expressed on a flat surface with lines or colors."
그립다	Adjective	miss	Wanting to see and meet someone very much.
그만	Adverb 	no more	To just that much and no more.
그만두다	Verb	stop	To stop and to not do what one has been doing.
그저께	Noun	the day before yesterday	"The day before yesterday; that is, two days before today."
극장	Noun	theater; cinema	"A place equipped with a stage or screen, for performing plays, music, dance, etc., or showing movies."
근무하다	Verb	work	To do responsible duties at the workplace.
근처	Noun 	vicinity; neighborhood	"A spot close to a certain place, object, or a person."
글	Noun	writing; text	A state of expressing one's thoughts or affairs in words.
글쎄	Interjection	well; hm	An exclamation used when showing an uncertain attitude toward someone's question or demand.
글씨	Noun	form of letters	The form in which characters are written.
글자	Noun	letter; character	A sign used to write down a spoken word.
금방	Adverb	moment ago	A short time ago.
금연	Noun	nonsmoking	The act of prohibiting smoking.
금요일	Noun	Friday	The fifth day from Monday in a week.
금지	Noun	ban	A ban on a certain activity by law or rule.
기간	Noun	period; term	The gap from a certain time to another time.
기다리다	Verb	wait	To spend time until a person or time comes or a certain event is realized.
기대	Noun	expectation	Waiting and hoping for something to happen.
기대하다	Verb	expect; anticipate	To wait while hoping for something to come true.
기르다	Verb	breed; grow; cultivate	To give food or nutrients and protect animals and plants to make them grow.
기분	Noun	mood; feelings	"The state of one's emotion such as displeasure, pleasure, gloom, anger, etc."
기쁘다	Adjective	happy; glad	Feeling very good and in a good mood.
기사(job)	Noun	driver	A person who drives vehicles or operates machines as a profession.
기사(paper)	Noun	article	A piece of writing in a newspaper or magazine to report certain facts.
기숙사	Noun	dormitory	A facility provided by a school or company for students or employees to sleep in and have meals.
기억	Noun	memory	"The act of not forgetting or recalling past figures, facts, knowledge or experiences."
기억하다	Verb	remember; recall	"Not to forget or recall past figures, facts, knowledge or experiences."
기온	Noun	air temperature	Atmospheric temperature.
기자	Noun	reporter; journalist	"A person whose job it is to do research, write or edit articles for newspapers, magazines, broadcasts, etc."
기차	Noun	train	A lengthy series of vehicles that carry people or goods and run on a railroad.
기침하다	Verb	cough	For the air to be suddenly expelled through the throat from the lungs accompanied by a rough sound.
기타	Noun	guitar  	A musical instument that has six strings fastened to a long body.
기회	Noun	chance; opportunity	Perfect timing or appropriate occasion in which one can do something.
긴장되다	Verb	be nervous; be strained	"To be alerted, not being relaxed."
길	Noun	road; street; way	A long stretch of ground space with a fixed width meant for people or cars to travel along.
길다	Adjective	long; lengthy; extensive	Two ends of an object being far apart.
길이	Noun	length; distance	The distance from one end of something to the other end.
김	Noun	gim	dried laver seaweed: A black food made by taking seaweed from the warm.
김밥	Noun	gimbap	A dish made by rolling rice and various other ingredients.