정리하다	Verb	organize	To gather or clear away dispersed or unorganized items.
정말	Noun	fact	"A truth without falsehood, or words without any lack of conformity to truth."
정문	Noun	main gate	A gate at the front of a building through which people and cars go in and come out.
정상	Noun	normality; normalcy	The state of being adequate with no noticeable changes or problems.
정식	Noun	being full; being official	Proper protocol or ceremony with adequate formalities.
정장	Noun	formal wear; suit	Formal clothes worn primarily on official occasions.
정하다	Verb 	decide	To choose one among many.
정확하다	Adjective	accurate	Right and certain
젖다	Verb 	get wet	To become wet by absorbing liquid.
제목	Noun	title	"A name used to represent the main idea of a text, film, performance, etc."
제일	Noun	first	The one coming first among many.
제출하다	Verb 	submit	"To present an opinion, document, etc."
제품	Noun	product	"The act of making an item by using materials, or such an item."
조건	Noun	condition	A state or element that is needed in advance to accomplish something.
조금	Noun	a little; little	A small quantity or degree.
조사	Noun	poll; survey; investigation	The act of examining or searching to understand the details of an affair or thing.
조심하다	Verb 	practice caution	"To be careful in speech, behavior, etc., not to get in trouble."
조용하다	Adjective	quiet	No sound being heard
조용히	Adverb 	quietly	With no sound being heard.
조카	Noun	nephew; niece	A child of one's sibling.
졸다	Verb	nod; doze off	To enter a state where one has not fallen asleep but gets close to falling asleep repeatedly.
졸업	Noun	graduation	The act of a student completing all the curriculum determined by school authorities.
졸업식	Noun	graduation ceremony	A ritual to celebrate completion of all the courses required by the school.
졸업하다	Verb 	graduate	For a student to complete all the courses required by a school.
좀	Adverb	a little	In a small quantity or to a small degree.
좁다	Adjective	narrow	A road or the distance between two objects being narrow.
종교	Noun	religion	"A cultural system that believes in and obeys a god or supernatural being, serving as a guidance in life or philosophy."
종류	Noun	kind; sort	One of many classes into which something is divided according to certain criteria.
종업원	Noun	employee; staff	"A person who engages in a certain business at a workplace, etc."
종이	Noun	paper	"A thin material made of wood pulp that is used for multiple purposes such as writing, painting, priniting, etc."
종일	Adverb 	all day long	Continuously from morning till evening.
좋다	Adjective	good; great; excellent	Excellent and satisfactory in features and content.
좋아하다	Verb 	like	To have good feelings toward something.
좌석	Noun	seat	A seat prepared for someone to sit down on.
좌회전	Noun	turning left	"The act of a car, etc., making a left turn."
죄송하다	Adjective	sorry	Very sorry as if one committed a wrongdoing.
주(date)	Noun	week	The seven-day period from Monday to Sunday.
주다	Verb	give	"To give an item, etc., to someone else so he/she can have or use it."
주말	Noun	weekend	The end of a week.
주머니	Noun	pocket	"A part made of cloth, etc., that is attached to a piece of garment for keeping money, things, etc., in."
주무시다	Verb 	sleep	(honorific) To sleep.
주문	Noun	order	The act of directing a manufacturer or seller to make or deliver an item.
주문하다	Verb 	order	"To direct a manufacturer or seller to make or deliver an item by specifying the type, quantity, shape, size, etc."
주변	Noun	being around	"The surroundings that encompass someone or something, or being within a close range."
주부	Noun	homemaker	A person who mainly does household chores in a family.
주사	Noun	injection	The act of directly introducing a liquid drug into the human or animal body through a syringe.
주소	Noun	address	"The administrative name of a place where a house, workplace, organization, etc., is located."
주스	Noun	juice	"A liquid extracted from fruits or vegetables, or a drink made of such liquid."
주위	Noun	surrounding area	An area surrounding a certain place.
주유소	Noun	gas station	"An establishment where cars, etc., are refueled with oil."
주의하다	Verb 	practice caution	To keep something in mind and be careful about it.
주인	Noun	owner	A person who has an object or item as his/her own.
주인공	Noun	main character	"A character who plays a central role in the story of a play, film, novel, etc."
주차장	Noun	parking lot	A place where one can park his/her car.
주차하다	Verb 	park	To keep a car at a certain space.
주황색	Noun	orange color	A mixed color of red and yellow.
죽	Noun	juk	"porridge: A dish made from grains such as rice, glutinous rice, etc., that is cooked really soft by boiling for a long time."
죽다	Verb 	die	"For a living plant, animal, or insect to lose its life."
준비	Noun	preparation	The act of having something in place with advance preparations.
준비하다	Verb 	prepare	To have something in place with advance preparations.