할인	Noun	discount; reduction	The act of subtracting a certain amount of money from the original price.
함께	Adverb	together; along with	In the state of several people being all together.
합격	Noun	pass; success	"The act of passing a test, inspection, screening, etc."
합격하다	Verb	pass; get through	"To pass a test, inspection, screening, etc."
항상	Adverb 	always; all the time	Invariably at any time.
해	Noun	sun	The star at the center of a solar system which is extremely hot and emits light.
해결하다	Verb	solve; settle; resolve; fix	"To handle and finish an event, problem, or task, etc., successfully."
해수욕장	Noun	beach	A beach equipped with facilities to swim and play in the sea.
해외	Noun	foreign country; overseas	A country other than one's own.
해외여행	Noun	overseas travel; trip abroad	"A trip to overseas destinations, or such a trip."
핸드백	Noun	handbag; purse	A small bag carried by a woman in one hand or over the shoulder.
핸드폰	Noun	mobile phone; cellular phone	"A small, portable, wireless phone."
햄버거	Noun	hamburger	"Food made by putting meat, vegetables, cheese, etc., between two round buns."
행동	Noun	action; movement behavior; deed	An act of moving one's body to do a certain task or action.
행동하다	Verb	act; behave	To move one's body to do a certain task or action.
행복	Noun	happiness; pleasure; contentment	A feeling of delight coming from enough satisfaction or enjoyment in life; or such a state.
행복하다	Adjective	happy; content; joyful	Being delighted as one feels enough satisfaction or enjoyment in life.
허리	Noun	waist	The part between the ribs and hip bones in the human or animal body.
헤어지다	Verb	part; bid farewell; say good-bye	To part with another one has been with.
현관	Noun	entrance; porch	The entrance where there is a door to a building.
현금	Noun	cash	"The currency excluding bills, checks, and bonds, issued by a government or a central bank."
현재	Noun	now; present; today	The present time.
형	Noun	older brother	A word used only by a male to refer to or address another male older than himself endearingly.
형부	Noun	brother-in-law	A word used to refer to or address one's elder sister's husband.
형제	Noun	brothers	A compound noun for older and younger brothers.
호	Bound Noun	ho	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of houses.
호랑이	Noun	tiger	"A big, carnivorous animal that has yellowish brown coat and black stripes."
호수	Noun	lake	A large pond surrounded by land.
호주	Noun	Australia	Australia
호텔	Noun	hotel	A decent accommodation which is usually large-sized and well-equipped with facilities.
혼자	Noun	being alone; being by oneself	"A state of being the only person, with no one around."
홈페이지	Noun	homepage	A document that can be viewed by others through the Internet.
화	Noun	anger; fury	A feeling of strong frustration or anger.
화가	Noun	painter; artist	A person who paints or draws a picture professionally.
화내다	Verb 	get angry with; be mad at	"To show anger toward another, being upset with him/her."
화분	Noun	flower pot; plant pot	A container filled with soil for growing a flower or plant.
화요일	Noun	Tuesday	The second day of a week that starts from Monday.
화장	Noun	make-up; putting on cosmetics	The act of making oneself look more beautiful by applying cosmetics over the face.
화장실	Noun	toilet; restroom; bathroom	A place equipped with a facility where people can urinate or defecate.
화장품	Noun	cosmetics; makeup	A substance applied over the face to make oneself look more beautiful or to pamper the skin.
화장하다	Verb 	put on make-up; adorn oneself	To make oneself up by applying cosmetics over the face.
확인	Noun	check; affirmation; confirmation; verification	An act of finding out if something is true or admitting that it is true.
확인하다	Verb 	check; affirm; confirm; verify	To find out if something is true or admit that it is true.
환경	Noun	environment	The state of nature affecting the life of living creatures.
환영하다	Verb	welcome; greet	To receive someone arriving gladly and cordially.
환자	Noun	patient; sick person	A person who is ill due to a disease or injury.
환전하다	Verb	change; exchange	To exchange the currency of a country for another country's currency.
활발하다	Adjective	lively; cheerful; outgoing; vigorous	Being full of life and energy.
회	Bound Noun	hoe	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of times.
회사	Noun	company; corporation	A legal entity created together by many people to earn profits by running a certain business.
회사원	Noun	employee; office worker; staff	A person who works at a company.
회색	Noun	gray	"A mixed color of black and white, like that of ash."
회원	Noun	member	A person who is part of a certain meeting.
회의	Noun	meeting; conference	"A state in which people gather and discuss a topic, issue, etc.; or such a meeting."
횡단보도	Noun	crosswalk; crossing 	"A route marked on a road, where people can cross."
후	Noun	later time	A point of time following a certain passage of time.
후배	Noun	junior	A person who started a career in the same field later than oneself.
후회	Noun	regret; remorse; repentance	An act of realizing that what one did was wrong and reprimanding oneself for having done it.
후회하다	Verb	regret; feel remorse; repent	To realize that what one did was wrong and reprimand oneself for having done it.
휴가	Noun	leave; break; vacation	A state in which a person belonging to an organization such as a company or an army leaves his/her workplace.
휴게실	Noun	lounge; waiting room	A room arranged for taking a brief rest.
휴대전화	Noun	mobile phone; cellular phone	"A portable, wireless phone with which one can make or receive phone calls."
휴일	Noun	holiday	"A day of rest free from work such as Sunday or public holidays, etc."
휴지	Noun	toilet paper; toilet tissue	A thin sheet of paper used for wiping off something dirty.
휴지통	Noun	garbage can; litter box; trash can	A container used to throw away waste paper or garbage.
흐르다	Verb	flow; run	"For a liquid like water, etc., to move to a lower place or pass a certain location."
흐리다	Adjective	dim; vague; blurred	One's memory or thought not being clear.
흔들다	Verb	wave; sway; flap; wag; shake	"To make something move from side to side and back and forth, repeatedly."
흰색	Noun	white	The bright color of snow or milk.
힘	Noun	strength; power	The force of muscles with which a person or an animal moves or which makes something move.
힘들다	Adjective	strenuous; laborious	Requiring much power or effort.
회비	Noun	membership fee; dues	Money paid by members of an association to be spent on its activities.