시(time)	Bound Noun	o'clock	A bound noun indicating one of 24 hours of a day.
시각	Noun	time; hour	A certain single point in the continuous flow of time.
시간	Noun	time	The amount of time from one point to another.
시간표	Noun	schedule	"A table that lists things to be done, etc.by time division."
시계	Noun	clock	A machine that shows the time.
시골	Noun	rural area; countryside	"An underdeveloped, thinly populated area far from a city."
시끄럽다	Adjective	loud	Unpleasantly loud and noisy.
시내	Noun	downtown	The inside of a city.
시다	Adjective	sour	Tasting vinegary.
시민	Noun	urbanite; city dweller; citizen 	A resident living in a city.
시설	Noun	facility; installation	"for a certain purpose, or such a building or objects like a tool, machine, device, etc."
시아버지	Noun	father-in-law	The father of one's husband.
시어머니	Noun	mother-in-law	The mother of one's husband.
시외	Noun	suburbs	The outside of the city.
시원하다	Adjective	cool	"Moderately cool, neither hot nor cold."
시작	Noun	start; beginning	"The act of constituting or causing to constitute the initial phase of an affair or action, or such a phase."
시작하다	Verb 	start; begin; initiate	To constitute or cause to constitute the initial phase of an affair or action.
시장	Noun	market	A place for selling and buying a variety of products.
시집가다	Verb 	get married	For a woman to get married and become the wife of a man.
시청	Noun	city hall	An institution responsible for taking care of the city's administrative affairs.
시키다	Verb 	order	To make a person do something.
시합	Noun	game; contest	"The act of competing with others by showing one's ability to the fullest in games such as sports, etc."
시험	Noun	test; exam	The act of testing and evaluating knowledge or capabilities.
식구	Noun	family member	A group of people who mainly live together in the same house.
식다	Verb 	cool; cool down; get cold	For warmth to disappear.
식당	Noun	restaurant; eating place	A store where food is made and served.
식료품	Noun	food	Food used as ingredients for cuisines.
식사	Noun	meal	"The act of eating food daily at a certain time such as breakfast, lunch and dinner, or such food."
식탁	Noun	dining table	A table on which food is set to be eaten.
식후	Noun	after a meal	After eating a meal.
신나다	Verb 	become happy; become delighted; become elated	To get excited and come to feel very good.
신다	Verb 	put on; wear	"To put one's feet into a pair of shoes, socks, etc., and cover the whole or a part of the feet with them."
신문	Noun	newspaper; paper	A publication that delivers to its readership information about new events occurring around the world on a regular basis.
신문사	Noun	newspaper publishing company	A company that makes and publishes newspaper.
신발	Noun	shoes; footwear	An object worn in order to protect one's feet when standing or walking.
신발장	Noun	shoe rack; shoe closet	A piece of furniture for storing shoes.
신분증	Noun	identification card	A document or card that proves one's identity or affiliation.
신선하다	Adjective	novel; original	New and fresh.
신용카드	Noun	credit card 	A card with which one can pay for the goods or services one purchased after a certain period.
신청서	Noun	application form	"A document to fill out when requesting something from a group or institution, etc."
신청하다	Verb 	apply	"To make an official request to an organization, institution, etc., asking for it to do something."
신호등	Noun	traffic light; traffic signal	"The device directing the passage of cars or passengers on a road, with colored lights."
신혼	Noun	new marriage; being newly-married	Being newly married or marrying someone newly.
신혼여행	Noun	honeymoon	"A trip of a newly-married couple, after their wedding ceremony."
실내	Noun	interior of a room; indoor	"The inside of a room, building, etc."
실력	Noun	ability; capability	One's ability to achieve something.
실례하다	Verb 	commit a breach of etiquette; commit a discourtesy	For one's remark or behavior to be impolite
실수	Noun	mistake; blunder	A fault committed because one does not know something well or is not careful.
실수하다	Verb 	make a mistake; make a slip	To commit a fault because one does not know something well or is not careful.
싫다	Adjective	disgusting; distasteful; having no taste for	Being not to one's taste
싫어하다	Verb 	hate; dislike	To not like or want something.
심다	Verb 	plant	"To put the root or seed of grass, a tree, etc., into the ground."
심심하다	Adjective 	bored	Feeling weary and having a dull time because one has nothing to do.
심하다	Adjective 	severe; harsh	The degree of something being excessive.
싱겁다	Adjective 	not salty; flat	Not tasting salty enough.
싱싱하다	Adjective 	fresh	"Full of life, not wilted or rotten."
싸다(price )	Adjective	cheap	Lower than usual in price.
싸다(packing)	Verb 	wrap	"To wrap an object or person with paper, fabric, etc."
싸우다	Verb 	fight; quarrel; dispute	To try to win by argument or force.
싸움	Noun	fight; struggle	A dispute where the opposing parties try to win by argument or force.