가게	Noun	shop; store	A place where products are displayed and sold on a small scale.
가격	Noun	price	A value amount for something that is for sale.
가구	Noun	furniture	"Objects used in a house such as a bed, chest, table, etc."
가깝다	Adjective	near; close; adjacent	Not far from a certain location.
가끔	Adverb	sometimes	Once in a while.
가난하다	Adjective	poor; indigent; destitute	Hard to make a living due to a lack of money.
가늘다	Adjective	thin	An object having a narrow width or being thin and long.
가능하다	Adjective	possible; able	Being able to be something or to do something.
가다	Verb	go; travel	To move from one place to another place.
가르치다	Verb	teach; instruct	To explain knowledge or skills to help someone understand it.
가리키다	Verb	point; gesture; indicate	To point a finger or some other thing in a certain direction or toward a certain object to let others recognize it.
가방	Noun	bag	"A container for storing a person's belongings, which can be held with a hand or hung on a shoulder."
가볍다	Adjective	light	Weighing little.
가수	Noun	singer	A person whose job it is to sing.
가슴	Noun	chest	"The front part of a human or animal's body, between the neck and the abdomen."
가요	Noun	Korean popular song	Songs many Koreans enjoy singing.
가운데	Noun	center; middle	A point that is almost equally distant from all ends of an object or within a space.
가위	Noun	scissors	"A tool for cutting paper, fabric, hair, etc."
가을	Noun	fall	One of four seasons which comes between summer and winter.
가장	Adverb	best	In a way that is better than any other.
가져가다	Verb	bring	To move an object from one place to another place.
가져오다	Verb	bring	To bring an object from one place to another place.
가족	Noun	family	"A group of people who mainly live together in the same house and are related by marriage or as parents, children, siblings, etc."
가지	Bound Noun	kind; sort	A bound noun used to indicate the type of a thing.
가지다	Verb	have; hold	"To carry or keep something, or hold it in one's hands."
각	Determiner	each; every	Each and every one of multiple things or people.
각자	Noun	each; individual	Each person or an individual's own self.
간단하다	Adjective	simple	Not too lengthy or complex.
간식	Noun	snack	Food that one eats between meals.
간장	Noun	soy sauce	"Salty, black liquid used to flavor food."
간호사	Noun	nurse	A person whose job it is to assist doctors in taking care of patients at hospitals.
갈비	Noun	ribs	"Breastbones of cows, pigs, chickens, etc., and the flesh attached to these bones, used as an ingredient for food."
갈비탕	Noun	galbitang	"Beef rib soup, made by boiling short beef ribs for long hours."
갈색	Noun	brown	"The color of a fallen leaf, similar to dark yellow."
갈아입다	Verb	change one's clothes	To take off one's clothes and put on other clothes.
갈아타다	Verb	transfer; transship	To get off from a vehicle and get on another.
감기	Noun	cold	"A contagious disease that generally comes with symptoms such as coughing, runny nose, headache and chills."
감다	Verb	close; shut eyes	To cover one's eyes with one's eyelids.
감동	Noun	strong feelings; strong impression; deep emotion	"The state of feeling of being touched by something very deeply, or such an emotional state."
감사하다	Verb	appreciate	To feel thankful for something.
감자	Noun 	potato	A ball-shaped stem growing underground with pale yellow flesh and light brown skin.
갑자기	Adverb	suddenly; all of a sudden	"Quickly, not allowing someone to think."
값	Noun	price	"The amount of money for which an item was sold, indicating its value in the marketplace."
강	Noun	river	"A wide, long stream reaching the sea."
강아지	Noun	puppy	The pup of a dog.
강하다	Adjective	strong; powerful	Having strength.
같다	Adjective	same; identical; equal	Not different from each other.
같이	Adverb	together	With each other.
개(Bound Noun)	Bound Noun	gae	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of objects that are available as a single piece.
개(Animal)	Noun	dog	An animal raised as a pet or hunting companion.
개월	Bound Noun	month	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of months.
개인	Noun	each person; individual	Each person.
거기	Pronoun	there	A pronoun used to indicate a place close to the listener.
거실	Noun	living room	"The central room in a western house, where family members spend time together or talk with visitors."
거울	Noun	mirror	"A thin, flat object reflecting the appearance of an object or person"
거의	Noun 	most; almost	A little less than all.
거짓말	Noun 	lie; falsehood	"A remark which is not true, intended to make someone believe it is true."
걱정	Noun 	worry; concern; care	"The state of feeling afraid and uneasy, in fear of the possible occurrence of something bad."
걱정하다	Verb	worry; be worried; be concerned	To feel fearful and anxious that something bad might happen.
건강	Noun 	health; wellbeing	A state of body and mind that is robust with no illness.