샴푸	Noun	shampoo	Liquid soap used for washing one's hair.
서다	Verb	stand	For a human or animal to place his/her feet on the ground and assume an upright position.
서랍	Noun	drawer	"A box that keeps objects made to slide in and out of a desk, closet, etc."
서로	Adverb 	each other; one another	Toward each person who is one of two or more people who are related.
서류	Noun	document; papers	A written document.
서비스	Noun	service	"One of such activities as sale, tourism, finance, medical care, etc., not related to production."
서양	Noun	Occident	The countries of Europe and America.
서점	Noun	bookstore	A store that sells books.
서쪽	Noun	west	One of the four geographic directions in which the sun sets.
선	Noun	line	A border or line drawn horizontally or vertically.
선물	Noun 	gift; present	"The act of giving an object to another person in order to show thanks or celebrate something, or the object itself."
선물하다	Verb	give a gift	To give an object to another person in order to show thanks or celebrate something.
선배	Noun 	senior; veteran	A person who is more experienced and holds a higher position than oneself because he/she started his/her career in the same field earlier.
선생님	Noun 	teacher; master	(polite form) A person who teaches students.
선수	Noun 	athlete; player; representative player	"A person chosen as a representative in a sports game, or a person whose job is to play a sports game."
선택하다	Verb	choose; make a choice; select	To choose what one needs among many.
선풍기	Noun 	fan	A device used to beat the heat by making wind with electric power.
설거지	Noun 	dishwashing; doing the dishes	The act of washing and putting away the dishes after eating.
설거지하다	Verb	wash the dishes; do the dishes	To wash and put away the dishes after eating.
설날	Noun 	Seollal	One of the national holidays in Korea; on January 1st by the lunar calendar.
설렁탕	Noun 	seolleongtang	"A soup made by boiling cow heads, intestines, bones, feet, etc., thoroughly, or the soup with rice in it."
설명하다	Verb	explain; account for	To describe something to another person in a way that he/she could understand easily.
설탕	Noun 	sugar	White powder that dissolves easily in water and is used to sweeten food.
섭섭하다	Adjective	sorry; regrettable	Sorry and feeling the lack of someone or something.
성격	Noun 	personality; character	A person's innate quality or character.
성공	Noun 	success	The act of achieving something that one wanted or aimed for.
성공하다	Verb	succeed	To achieve something that one wanted or aimed for.
성명	Noun 	full name	One's given name and last name.
성별	Noun 	sex; gender	"The distinction between man and woman, or male and female."
성적	Noun 	record; results	"A record of performance. showing the results of a task or sports game, etc."
성함	Noun 	name	(honorific) One's name.
세계	Noun 	world; universe	All the countries on the earth.
세다(strength)	Adjective 	strong; powerful	Having great power.
세로	Noun 	height; length	"The direction from the top to bottom, or the length."
세배	Noun 	sebae	"new year's bow: The act of performing a traditional bow to pay respect to one's elders on Seol, New Year's Day."
세뱃돈	Noun 	sebaedon; sebaetdon	new year's money: Money received after new year's bows.
세수	Noun 	washing up	The act of washing one's hands or face with water.
세수하다	Verb	wash up	To wash one's hands or face with water.
세우다	Verb	pick up; raise up; make something stand	"To make a person or animal put his/her or its feet on the ground, stretch his/her or its legs, and straighten his/her or its body; "
세월	Noun 	time	The passage of time.
세일하다	Verb	have a sale	To sell something cheaper than the original price.
세제	Noun	detergent; cleanser	"A substance used to wash dirt off when doing the laundry, washing dishes, cleaning, etc."
세탁	Noun	washing; laundry	"An act of washing dirty clothes, etc."
세탁기	Noun	washing machine	A machine that does the laundry.
세탁소	Noun	laundry	"A shop that does the laundry, ironing, etc., for money."
센터	Noun	center	"The center of an arena or field in soccer, volleyball, basketball, etc., or a player positioned in the center."
센티미터	Bound Noun 	centimeter	A length unit.
셔츠	Noun	shirt	A western upper garment worn inside a suit or as an outer clothing.
소	Noun	cow	A big domestic animal with a brown or black-and-white coat that is raised to produce milk or for its meat.
소개	Noun	explanation	An explanation to teach unfamiliar or unknown truth or content.
소개하다	Verb	explain	To explain to teach unfamiliar or unknown truth or content.
소고기	Noun	beef	"Meat from cow, bull or ox"
소금	Noun	salt	A white powder that tastes saline.
소나기	Noun	shower	"Rain that pours down violently and suddenly, and then lets up soon."
소리	Noun	sound; noise	Sound wave heard by the ear that is created when an object vibrates.
소방관	Noun	firefighter	A civil servant who is responsible for fighting or putting out fires.
소방서	Noun	fire station	An institution that fights or puts out fires.
소설	Noun	novel	A literary work that an author writes in the form of storytelling.
소설가	Noun	novelist	A person who writes novels professionally.
소설책	Noun	novel	A book containing a novel.