s	Verb	call for; call out for; gesture	To ask someone to come or draw his/her attention through words or actions.
부모(부모님)	Noun	parents	Father and mother.
부부	Noun	couple; married couple	Husband and wife.
부엌	Noun	kitchen	"An area in a house where meal-related work such as cooking, dishwashing, etc., is done."
부인	Noun	wife	(polite form) Another man's wife.
부자	Noun	the rich; the wealthy	"A person who has a large amount of property, enough to live comfortably."
부족하다	Adjective	insufficient 	Not enough or less than what is needed.
부지런하다	Adjective 	diligent; industrious	Tending to work steadily without being idle.
부채	Noun	fan	An object that creates a current of air when it is waved.
부치다	Verb 	send	"To forward a letter, object, etc."
부탁하다	Verb 	request	To ask someone to do something or entrust someone with something.
북	Noun	north	"One of the four cardinal directions, namely north, south, east, and west, which is the direction indicated by the needle of the compass."
북쪽	Noun	north	"One of the four points of the compass, the direction that N points to."
분(person)	Bound Noun	bun	A bound noun that is an honorific term of addressing another person.
분(time)	Bound Noun	minute	"A bound noun indicating a unit of time, which is one-sixtieth of an hour."
분위기	Noun	mood	The atmosphere that is felt on an occasion or in a situation.
분홍색	Noun	pink	A mixed color of white and red.
불	Noun	fire	The act of a substance burning while emitting light and heat.
불고기	Noun	bulgogi	barbequed beef: Traditional Korean food made by roasting seasoned slices of pork or beef.
불교	Noun	Buddhism	"A religion created by Sakyamuni in India, which is founded on the ideal of relieving oneself of all pains in this world to become a Buddha."
불다	Verb 	blow	For a wind to form and move in a certain direction.
불쌍하다	Adjective	pitiful; pathetic	Feeling sorry and sad because someone is in a bad situation.
불안하다	Adjective	uneasy; anxious	Being anxious without feeling at ease.
불편하다	Adjective	inconvenient	Inconvenient to use something.
붙다	Verb 	stick to; cling to	For something to adhere to something else and not come off easily.
블라우스	Noun	blouse	A billowy shirt worn by women with a smooth texture.
비	Noun	rain	"Water drops generated from cloud-forming vapors high in the sky that get cold, condense, and fall."
비교하다	Verb 	compare	To put more than two things together and observe their similarities and differences.
비누	Noun	soap	A substance that one uses for removing dirt on the body or clothing by lathering with water.
비다	Verb 	be empty; be vacant	For a space to contain nothing or no one.
비밀	Noun	secret; covertness	A hidden thing unknown to others.
비밀번호	Noun	password; PIN number	"A series of numbers or phrases unknown to others that a person creates to secure his/her bank account, computer, etc."
비빔밥	Noun	bibimbap	"Rice topped with sliced meat, mushrooms, eggs, seasoned vegetables, some seasonings, etc., of which all the ingredients are stirred before eating."
비서	Noun	secretary; personal assistant	"A person who takes care of office work, schedule, etc. for someone in an important position."
비슷하다	Adjective	similar	"Two or more sizes, shapes, states, qualities, etc., being not the same, but being alike in many ways."
비싸다	Adjective	expensive; costly	The price of an object or the cost to do something being higher than the average.
비자	Noun	visa	A document that authorizes the entry and departure of a foreigner.
비행기	Noun	plane; airplane	A flying vehicle that carries passengers and cargo.
빌다	Verb	beg	To eagerly ask for forgiveness for one's mistake.
빌딩	Noun	building	A western high-rise structure usually filled with offices.
빌려주다	Verb 	lend	"To lend goods, money, etc., to someone for a certain period of time on the condition of taking them back or receiving a price later."
빌리다	Verb	borrow; rent	"To borrow goods, money, etc., from someone for a certain period of time on the condition of returning them or paying a price later."
빗다	Verb	comb	"To arrange hair, fur, etc., with a comb, hand, etc."
빠르다	Adjective	fast; quick	Taking a short time to accomplish certain actions.
빨간색	Noun	red color	"A red color like that of blood, or a ripe apple or red pepper."
빨갛다	Adjective 	crimson	Brightly deep red like the color of blood or a ripe chili pepper.
빨다	Verb 	wash; clean	"To put clothes, etc., in water and rub them with one's hands, or remove dirt on them by using a washing machine."
빨래	Noun	washing; laundry	"An act of washing dirty clothes, cloths, etc., in water."
빨래하다	Verb	wash clothes	"To wash dirty clothes, cloths, etc., in water."
빨리	Adverb 	quickly	In a short duration of time.
빵	Noun	bread	Food made by baking or steaming fermented dough.
빵집	Noun	bakery	A shop that bakes and sells bread.
사거리	Noun	crossroads; intersection; street corner	A place where four roads meet.
사건	Noun	incident; event; affair; accident; case	A matter that is worthy of interest or attention.
사계절	Noun	four seasons	"Four seasons that are spring, summer, fall, and winter."
사고	Noun	accident	An unfortunate affair that happens unexpectedly.
사과	Noun	apology	An act of admitting one's own mistakes and begging for forgiveness.
사과하다	Verb 	apologize	To admit one's own mistakes and beg for forgiveness.
사귀다	Verb 	get along with; go around with; go out with	To come to know and keep each other's company.
사다	Verb	buy; purchase; get	"To get ownership of an item, right, etc., by paying for it."