다양하다	Adjective	various; diverse	"Being varied in colors, shapes, types or content."
다음	Noun	next; following	"Something that comes right after another in a sequence of time, place, turn, etc."
다이어트	Noun	diet	An act of eating while controlling the kinds and amount of food for health or beauty.
다치다	Verb	be injured	"To be hit or bumped into by something or someone, so that one's body or body part is injured; to make an injury."
닦다	Verb	wipe; scrub 	To rub to eliminate dirty things.
단	Determiner	just; merely; simply	A word that indicates there is only the amount of something.
단어	Noun	word	"The smallest independent unit of language, which has a certain meaning or function."
단점	Noun	weakness; shortcoming; demerit	A trait of one's personality that is defective or not admirable.
단체	Noun	group; society; association	An organization of people who gather for a common goal.
닫다	Verb	shut	"To close something that is opened, such as the door, lid, drawer, etc., by moving it back to its original position."
달(date)	Noun	month	A period in a year divided by twelve.
달다(taste)	Adjective	sweet	Tasting like honey or sugar.
달라지다	Verb	become different	To become different from before.
달력	Noun	calendar	"Paper or a booklet with months, days, days of week, seasonal divisions, dates of events, etc."
달리다	Verb 	run	To come or go quickly by running.
닭	Noun	chicken	A big bird unable to fly that is raised on a farm since it lays eggs frequently.
닭고기	Noun	chicken	The flesh of a chicken used for food.
닮다	Verb 	resemble	For two or more people or objects to have similar appearances or qualities.
담다	Verb 	dish up	"To put something into a dish, etc."
담배	Noun	cigarette	"A roll of fine slices of dried tobacco leaves, which is made for smoking."
답장	Noun	reply; answer	The letter sent in response to a former letter or a question.
닷새	Noun	five days	A duration of five days.
당근	Noun	carrot	An orange-colored root vegetable that has a sweet taste and the shape of a horn.
당신	Pronoun 	you	"(formal, slightly addressee-raising) A pronoun used to indicate the listener."
당장	Noun	right now	The very place or time where an incident occurs.
대	Bound Noun	dae	"A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of cars, planes, musical instruments, machines, etc."
대다	Verb	make something touch something else	To make something touch a place.
대단하다	Adjective	great; excellent	So remarkable.
대단히	Adverb 	very much; greatly	Much more than an average degree.
대답하다	Verb	answer; reply	To reply to a call.
대문	Noun	gate	"A large door for one's entrance and exit, which is usually located at the front of a house."
대부분	Noun	most; bulk; majority	The number or quantity exceeding the half and nearing almost a total.
대사관	Noun	embassy	"The institution representing a country in a foreign land, with an ambassador as its head."
대중교통	Noun	public transportation	Transportation modes used by the general public such as the bus or subway.
대출	Noun	loan; lending; borrowing	An act of lending or borrowing money or goods.
대통령	Noun	president	"In a republican system, a person who represents a country and holds the highest position in the administration."
대표	Noun	representative	"The quality of representing well the state or characteristic of the whole by one thing, or such a thing."
대학교	Noun	university; college	An institution offering the last stage of school education attended by high school graduates.
대학생	Noun	college student	A student attending college.
대학원	Noun	graduate school	An institution where college graduates can learn and study further.
대학원생	Noun	graduate student	A student attending graduate school.
대한민국	Noun	Republic of Korea	Republic of Korea
대화	Noun	dialogue; conversation; talk	"Talking with and facing another person, or this kind of talk."
대회	Noun	competition; contest	An event where many people compete with each other over their abilities or skills.
댁	Noun	one's family	(polite form) Another person's home or family.
더럽다	Adjective	dirty	Dirty or filthy due to dirt or residue.
덥다	Adjective	hot	(temperature) Feeling high.
덮다	Verb 	cover	To put an object over something in order for it not to be revealed or visible.
데이트	Noun	date	A meeting of a man and woman to go out.
도둑	Noun	theft; steal; thief	"The act of stealing someone else's belongings or taking them without permission, or someone who commits such act."
도로	Noun	road	A path built for cars and people to travel.
도망가다	Verb	escape; make off; flee	To run away from something or someone because one is either chased or wants to avoid it or him/her.
도서관	Noun	library	A facility with lots of books and materials for people to borrow and read or study.
도시	Noun	city	"An area where many people live and which is the center of politics, economics, and culture."
도시락	Noun	lunch box	"A portable, simple container for holding food."
도와주다	Verb	help; assist	"To help someone with something, or give support."
도장	Noun	seal; stamp	An item made by cutting a material such as wood or crystal and engraving a name on it.
도착하다	Verb	arrive; reach	To reach a destination.
독감	Noun	flu; influenza	"An epidemic disease, similar to a severe cold."
독서	Noun	reading	The act of a person who reads a book.