인삼	Noun	ginseng	"A perennial, araliaceous plant and medicinal herb that has edible roots; or its roots."
인원	Noun	personnel; number of persons	People who constitute a certain party or organization; or the number of such persons.
인터넷	Noun	Internet	"A single, large computer network that connects computers around the world to allow them to exchange information."
인형	Noun	doll; figure	A toy made in the form of a person or an animal.
일(date)	Noun	day	A period of one day.
일(act)	Noun	work; labor	An activity that uses one's body or mind in order to achieve something; the object of such an activity.
일기	Noun	diary; journal	"A writing that records one's personal daily experiences, thought, feelings, etc."
일기예보	Noun	weather forecast	"The act of predicting the weather of the future and reporting it through a newspaper, broadcast, etc."
일반	Noun	the public; being common; being ordinary	"An average level, which is not special or extraordinary; people at such a level."
일본	Noun	Japan	Japan
일본어	Noun	Japanese	A language that Japanese people speak.
일상	Noun	everyday life; routines	An ordinary life repeated everyday.
일상생활	Noun	everyday life; daily life	"An uneventful, ordinary life."
일어나다	Verb	stand up; rise; sit up	To sit after lying down or stand after sitting.
일요일	Noun	Sunday	The last day of a week starting from Monday.
일주일	Noun	one week; a week	"Seven days from Monday to Sunday, or one week."
일찍	Adverb	early	Before the specified time.
일하다	Verb	work; labor	To use one's body or mind to achieve something.
일흔	Numeral	seventy	The number that is the product of seven times ten.
읽기	Noun	reading	"An act of reading and understanding a text, or such a method."
읽다	Verb	read; read out	"To see written words or letters, and utter them as they are pronounced."
잃다	Verb	lose	To not have something anymore because it has disappeared before one realized it.
잃어버리다	Verb	lose	To not have something anymore because it has slipped from one's grasp or one has failed to notice it.
입	Noun	mouth	A bodily organ extending from the lips to the throat that one uses to eat and make sounds.
입다	Verb	wear; be dressed; put on	To hang or drape clothes on or around one's body.
입맛	Noun	taste bud; appetite	"The taste that one feels when eating, or the desire to eat."
입원하다	Verb	be hospitalized 	To stay in a hospital for a certain period of time to have one's disease treated.
입학	Noun	admission to a school; entrance into a school	Starting to go to a school as a new student.
입학원서	Noun	application for admission	an application for admission
있다	Verb 	be; stay	For a person or animal to remain in a certain place without leaving or getting out of it.
잊다	Verb 	forget; be forgetful of	To not remember or fail to remember something that one knew once.
잊어버리다	Verb 	forget; be forgetful of	To not remember or fail to remember something that one knew once.
잎	Noun	leaf	"A vegetative organ of a plant, which is green, flat, and attached to the point or sides of a stem."
자(Interjection)	Interjection	okay; here	An exclamation uttered when the speaker attracts someone's attention.
자(stationery)	Noun	ruler	"A stationery item with scales printed on it, used to measure length."
자기	Noun	himself; herself; ego	The person himself/herself.
자꾸	Adverb	frequently; repeatedly; again and again	Several times.
자다	Verb	sleep	To be in the state of taking a rest for a period of time with one's eyes closed and mental activities suspended.
자동차	Noun	car; automobile	A vehicle which moves its wheels by the power of its engine in order to run on roads.
자료	Noun	material; data; reference	Material which is the basis for conducting study or research.
자루	Noun	bag; sack	"A large bag made of cloth, etc., in which things can be put."
자르다	Verb 	cut; sever; chop	To cut off a part by cutting or breaking something into two or more pieces.
자리	Noun	space; place	A space that is occupied by someone or something.
자세히	Adverb 	in detail; minutely	Concretely and clearly even in insignificant parts.
자신	Noun	self; oneself	The person himself/herself.
자유	Noun	freedom	A state in which one can act as one thinks or at will without being bound or restricted by something.
자장면	Noun	jajangmyeon	"A dish made by making sauce by stir-frying chopped meat, vegetables, etc."
자전거	Noun	bicycle	"A vehicle that is moved by a person riding on it, who rolls its wheels by pushing pedals with his/her feet."
자주	Adverb	often; frequently	In the state of something being repeated at short intervals.
자취	Noun	trace; aftermath	A mark or trace that something has left.
작가	Noun	writer; author	"A person who creates a poem, novel, play, broadcast script, picture, etc."
작년	Noun	last year	The previous year of the current year.
작다	Adjective	small; little	"Lower than others or average in length, area, volume, etc."
작은아버지	Noun	uncle	A word used to refer to or address one's father's younger brother; it usually refers to or addresses his married younger brother.
작은어머니	Noun	aunt	A word used to refer to or address the wife of one's father's younger brother.
잔	Noun	cup	"A small container that is used for drinking water, tea, etc."
잔치	Noun	party; feast; banquet	An occasion on which a lot of people gather together and enjoy food when there is something to celebrate.
잘	Adverb	well	In a splendid and excellent manner that is worthy of praise.
잘못	Adverb	wrongly; incorrectly	In a way that is wrong or not right.
잘못하다	Verb	commit an error; blunder; misdo	To do something in an incorrect or unrighteous way.