잘생기다	Adjective 	good-looking; handsome; comely	Having a pleasing and attractive appearance.
잘하다	Verb 	do well	To do something in an excellent and successful way.
잠	Noun	sleep	The state of taking a rest for a period of time with one's eyes closed and mental activities suspended.
잠깐	Adverb	for a moment; for an instant; for a while	For a very short time.
잠시	Adverb	for a while; for a moment; for some time	For a short time.
잠옷	Noun	nightclothes; sleepwear	Comfortable garments that one wears in bed.
잠자다	Verb	sleep; have a sleep	To stop the activities of one's body and mind and rest for a while.
잡다	Verb	hold; grab; seize	To hold something in one's hand and not let it go.
잡수시다	Verb	eat; have	(honorific) To eat.
잡지	Noun	magazine	"A periodically published book that puts together a variety of articles, photographs, advertisements, etc."
잡채	Noun	japchae	"A Korean dish made by mixing sweet potato noodles with thin slices of stir-fried various vegetables, meat, etc."
장	Bound Noun	piece; sheet	"A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting thin, wide objects such as a sheet of paper or glass."
장갑	Noun	glove	"An item made of cloth, thread, leather, etc., worn on the hand to protect it from cold, etc."
장난감	Noun	toy	Various objects which children play with.
장래	Noun	future	The time to come.
장마	Noun	monsoon; monsoon season	"A phenomenon or weather where it keeps raining for consecutive days in summer, or such rainfall."
장마철	Noun	monsoon season	The period in the summer when it rains for days on end.
장미	Noun	rose	"A fragrant flower with thorns on the stem that blooms in red, white, yellow, etc., in May or June."
장소	Noun	place; venue; space	A space where something happens or is done.
장점	Noun	strength	"An aspect that is good, one is good at, or is desirable."
재료	Noun	material; ingredient	Something that is used to produce an item.
재미없다	Adjective	not interesting	Lacking feelings of joy and pleasantness.
재미있다	Adjective 	interesting	Feelings of joy and pleasantness being present.
저	Pronoun	I; me	The humble form used by the speaker to refer to himself/herself for the purpose of showing humility to the listener.
저기	Pronoun	that place	A word used to describe a place that is far away from the speaker or the listener.
저녁	Noun	evening	The hours between the time when the sun starts setting and the time when the night falls.
저축하다	Verb	save	"To save money, wealth, etc., by spending it frugally."
저희	Pronoun	our	A word used by the speaker to refer to a group of people including himself/herself.
적다(quantity)	Adjective	little; a little	"Not meeting a certain standard in terms of number, quantity or degree."
적당하다	Adjective	adequate	"Meeting requirements or conditions, or being appropriate in terms of degree."
전(time)	Noun	past	A point in time in the past.
전공	Noun	major; specialty	"The act of researching or studying a certain field in a professional manner, or such a field."
전공하다	Verb	major in; specialize in	To research or study a certain field in a professional manner.
전부	Noun	everything	The entire sum of all parts.
전시회	Noun	exhibition	A gathering or event where a variety of items are set up for visitors to look at.
전자레인지	Noun	microwave oven	A cooking device used to heat food with high-frequency waves.
전자사전	Noun	electronic dictionary	A dictionary whose content is derived from a paper dictionary and in turn is stored in electronic storage.
전자제품	Noun	electronics; electrical goods	"Electronics is the technology of using transistors and silicon chips, especially in devices such as radios, telebisions, and computers."
전체	Noun	whole	"Something considered as an entirety, which is composed of elements or parts."
전혀	Adverb	(not) at all; completely	By any possibility or wholly.
전화	Noun	call; phone call	"The act of exchanging words between people via telephone, or such conversation."
전화기	Noun	telephone	A device that turns voice into electric waves or currents to allow people far away from each other to have a conversation.
전화번호	Noun	phone number	A number unique to a phone.
절	Noun	Buddhist temple	A place where Buddhist monks enshrine a statue of the Buddha and discipline their minds by teaching and learning their religious doctrine.
젊다	Adjective	young	Being in one's youthful years.
젊은이	Noun	young man; young woman	A person of a young age.
점	Noun	point; dot	"A small, round mark."
점수	Noun	score	A number representing one's performance.
점심(time)	Noun	afternoon	The time between morning and evening when the sun is at its highest during the day.
점심(meal)	Noun	lunch	A meal eaten in the afternoon between breakfast and dinner.
점심시간	Noun	lunchtime	A time allotted for having lunch.
점원	Noun	clerk	A person who is paid to work at a store.
점점	Adverb	gradually	Little by little as times goes by.
접시	Noun	plate	"A flat, plane-surfaced container to keep food in."
젓가락	Noun	chopsticks	"A pair of long, slender sticks used to pick up things or food to eat."
정각	Noun	being exact	An exact hour.
정거장	Noun	stop; station	"A place where buses, trains, etc., stop so people can get on and off the vehicle."
정도	Noun	degree	A quantity or level that represents the nature or value of something in terms of the degree of goodness or intensity.
정류장	Noun	stop	"A place where buses, taxis etc., stop so people can get on and off the vehicle."
정리	Noun	organizing	The act of gathering or clearing away dispersed or unorganized items.