줄	Noun	rope; string	"A thin, long item that is used to tie or knot things together."
줄무늬	Noun	stripe	A pattern composed of multiple stripes.
중	Bound Noun	medium	A bound noun used to refer to something out of many.
중간	Noun	middle	A bound noun used to refer to something out of many.
중국	Noun	China	China
중국어	Noun	Chinese	The language spoken by the Chinese people.
중심	Noun	center	The very middle of something.
중요하다	Adjective 	important	Valuable and indispensable.
중학교	Noun	middle school	A school one goes to for secondary education after graduating from elementary school.
중학생	Noun	middle school student	A student who goes to middle school.
즐거워하다	Verb 	be pleased; be delighted	To be pleased and satisfied with something.
즐겁다	Adjective 	joyful; pleasant	Pleased and satisfied with something.
증상	Noun	symptom	Various conditions that indicate a disorder or disease.
증세	Noun	symptom	Various conditions that indicate a disorder or disease.
지각	Noun	tardiness	An act of going to work or school later than the regular time.
지각하다	Verb	perceive	To understand a fact or thing.
지갑	Noun	wallet; purse	"An object made of leather, cloth, etc., for carrying money, credit cards, business cards, etc."
지구	Noun	Earth	"The third planet from the sun, on which humans live."
지금	Noun	now	The present moment as one speaks.
지나가다	Verb	pass; go by	For a certain period to end as time passes by.
지나다	Verb	pass; elapse	To get out of a period as time passes.
지내다	Verb	live	To live in a certain state or condition.
지다	Verb	lose	"To fail to defeat one's opponent in a match, fight, etc."
지도	Noun	map	A picture of all or part of the earth's surface that is drawn on a flat surface.
지붕	Noun	roof	A structure that covers the top of a house.
지역	Noun	area; region	A piece of land which is divided according to certain characteristics or criteria.
지우개	Noun	eraser	"An object made of rubber, used to erase something written with a pencil."
지키다	Verb	guard; defend	"To prevent something from the loss of wealth, profit, safety, etc., or protecting against external aggression."
지하	Noun	basement	A story of a building that is made under the ground by digging.
지하도	Noun	underground tunnel	A passage made by digging underground.
지하철	Noun	subway	An electric vehicle operating on an underground railway.
지하철역	Noun	subway station	A place where passengers get on and off the subway.
직업	Noun	occupation; job	A regular activity done in exchange for payment.
직원	Noun	employee	A person who works at a certain workplace.
직장	Noun	workplace	A place where someone works for money.
직접	Adverb 	in person	"In the manner of doing something personally, without any intermediary such as other persons, goods, etc., in between."
직진하다	Verb	move straight	To go directly in a straight line.
진지	Noun	fort; outpost; camp	"A place with facilities and equipment necessary for a battle, where troops are stationed."
진짜	Noun	authentic	Something that is neither an imitation nor fake.
질문하다	Verb	ask a question	To ask about something one does not know or wants to know.
짐	Noun	baggage	Things that are packed to move to somewhere else.
집	Noun	house	"A structure built by a human or animal to serve as protection from cold, heat, etc., and as a place to live in."
집안일	Noun	housework; household chores	"Work done in a household, such as the laundry, cleaning, cooking, etc."
짓다	Verb	make	"To make food, clothes, buildings, etc., with necessary ingredients or components."
짜다	Adjective	salty	Tasting like salt.
짜리	Affix	-jjari	"A suffix used to mean ""something of such a number or amount"" or ""something of such a value."""
짧다	Adjective 	short	The distance between the two ends of a space or object being close.
쪽	Bound Noun	direction; way	A bound noun used to refer to the direction something goes toward or faces.
쭉	Adverb	straight	In the manner of drawing a line or marking a boundary straight.
쯤	Affix	-jjeum	A suffix used to mean an amount.
찌개	Noun	jjigae	"Korean stew made by putting tofu, vegetables, etc."
찌다	Verb	steam	To cook or heat up food with hot steam.
찍다	Verb	stamp	To make an impression by pressing on a flat surface.
찜질방	Noun	jjimjilbang	A place complete with a traditional sauna and other recreational facilities so as to allow visitors to sweat and relax.
차(drink)	Noun	tea	"A beverage made by infusing or brewing leaves, roots, fruits, etc., of a plant with a good smell or flavor."
차(vehicle)	Noun	car; automobile; vehicle	An apparatus with wheels that is designed to carry people or cargo.
차갑다	Adjective 	cold	The touch of something on one's skin being cold.
차다	Verb	kick	To kick or raise something powerfully with one's foot.
차례	Noun	procedure; process	An order by which one does a certain task or a sequence in which work is done.
차표	Noun	bus ticket; train ticket	A ticket bought to board public transportations.