먹다	Verb	eat; have; consume; take	To put food into one's mouth and swallow it.
먼저	Noun	being early	The state of being in advance in time or order.
멀다	Adjective	distant; far-off	The distance between two places being long.
멋있다	Adjective	nice; stylish; elegant	Very good or great.
멋지다	Adjective	fine; nice; lovely	Very good or stylish.
메뉴	Noun	menu	A board on which the kinds of food and their prices that a restaurant offers are written.
메모	Noun	memo	"The act of writing down in simple words something that one should not forget or deliver to another person, or such a writing."
메모하다	Verb	take note; take a memo; jot down	To write down in simple words something that one should not forget or deliver to another person.
메시지	Noun	message	"One's special words delivered to announce, assert, or warn of a certain thing."
멕시코	Noun	Mexico	Mexico
며칠	Noun	date	A certain date of the month.
면도	Noun	shave	The act of cutting off the beard or hair on one's face or body.
면접	Noun	interview; oral test	"A test usually given after a written test to evaluate the applicant's personality, words, act, etc by meeting him/her in person."
명	Bound Noun	person	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of persons.
명랑하다	Adjective	bright; cheerful; merry	Being pleasant and full of life.
명절	Noun	national holiday	"A day of commemoration or tradition which is celebrated annually such as Seollal, Lunar New Year's, etc."
몇	Numeral	some; several	An unknown number that is not big.
모델	Noun	model	"A preliminary work made prior to a final product, or one serving as a representative of a final product."
모두	Noun	all	Everything without anything missing or remaining.
모든	Determiner	every 	All without exception or without anything or anyone left.
모레	Noun	day after tomorrow	The day following tomorrow.
모르다	Verb	not know	"To have no knowledge or understanding of a person, object or fact."
모습	Noun	appearance; look	The appearance of a person or thing.
모시다	Verb	serve; attend; wait on	"To serve one's elder or someone respected near him/her, or live with him/her."
모양	Noun	shape	The outer appearance or aspect.
모으다	Verb	gather; collect; get together	To gather things placed here and there in one place.
모임	Noun	meeting; gathering	A meeting of many people to do something.
모자	Noun	hat	"An object worn on the head in order to be polite or to keep out the cold or heat, etc."
목	Noun	neck	The narrow part of the human or animal body that connects the head and the torso.
목걸이	Noun	necklace	"A piece of jewelry with a string of jewels, etc., worn around the neck."
목도리	Noun	scarf	An article of clothing worn around the neck to keep out the cold.
목소리	Noun	voice	The sound that comes out of the human throat.
목요일	Noun	Thursday	The fourth day of a week starting from Monday.
목욕탕	Noun	bathhouse	A facility or room for washing the whole body with water.
목욕하다	Verb	take a bath; bathe	To wash one's whole body with water.
몸	Noun	body	"The entire length of the human or animal body from the head to the feet, or its state."
몸무게	Noun	weight	The weight of one's body.
몸살	Noun	body aching all over	A condition caused by extreme fatigue where one's body aches all over and he/she suffers from exhaustion and fever.
못	Noun	nail	A thin metallic item with a pointed end that is used to fasten two objects together or driven into the wall to hang something on it.
못하다	Verb	be incapable; fail to	To fail to make a certain work reach a certain level or to not own the ability to do so.
몽골	Noun	Mongolia	Mongolia
무겁다	Adjective 	heavy; weighty	Weighing a lot.
무궁화	Noun	mugunghwa	"hibiscus syriacus: A flower that is in bloom from summer through autumn with white, purple or red broad bell-shaped petals."
무늬	Noun	pattern	The shape appearing on the surface of an object.
무료	Noun	free; no charge; complimentary	free; no charge; complimentary
무릎	Noun	knee	"The round, protruded part between the thigh and the calf."
무섭다	Adjective	fearful; scared of	"Feeling scared of something, or feeling afraid something might happen."
무슨	Determiner	what	"An expression used to ask about a business, subject or object that one is not sure of or does not exactly know."
무엇(뭐/뭘)	Pronoun	what	A word indicating an unknown fact or thing.
무역	Noun	trade; commerce	The business of buying and selling goods among countries.
무역회사	Noun	trading company	A trading company
문	Noun	door	An openable structure through which people go in and come out of a place; or put in or take out things.
문구점	Noun	stationery store	"A store that sells objects necessary for studying or working, such as paper, pencils, erasers, etc."
문법	Noun	grammar	"A set of certain rules for denoting the sounds of speech, words, sentences, etc., or an academic field that studies such things."
문의	Noun	inquiry	The act of asking about something that one is curious about and discussing the matter.
메시지	Noun	message; lesson	"Ideas or lessons expressed in literary or art works,"
문장	Noun	sentence	"A basic unit that comprises a speech and writing, which indicates one complete meaning through a form of description, question, imperative, exclamation, etc."
문제	Noun	problem; question	A question that demands an answer.
문화	Noun	culture	"The physical and mental activities made, learned, shared, and delivered by a social community in order to realize a certain goal or ideal life."