공	Noun	ball	"A round object about the size just right for holding, passing or kicking, used for play or sports games."
공과금	Noun	utility bills	Tax imposed on people by the government or public organizations.
공부	Noun	study	The act of gaining knowledge by learning studies or techniques.
공부하다	Verb 	study	To gain knowledge by learning studies or techniques.
공연	Noun	performance; show	"Performing music, dance or a play in front of many people."
공연하다	Verb 	perform	"To show or play music, dance or a play in front of many people."
공원	Noun	park	"A large place with grass, trees and flowers where people can play and rest."
공장	Noun	factory; plant	A place where products are manufactured by processing raw materials and other materials.
공중전화	Noun	pay phone	A phone installed in a certain place or street in order for people to make calls by inserting coins or using a card.
공짜	Noun	something gained free of charge	"Something gained for free, in exchange for no power, effort, or money."
공책	Noun	notebook	A book of blank or lined paper to write or draw on.
공포영화	Noun	horror movie	A motion picture which entertains by horrifying or frightening the audience.
공항	Noun	airport	A place for airplanes to land and take off.
공휴일	Noun	public holiday	A day of rest such as a national holiday as determined by a nation.
과	Noun	department; section	A division unit in an organization which is divided by the characteristics of duties in a company.
과거	Noun	past	A time that has passed
과일	Noun	fruit	"Edible fruit that grows on the stem or branch of a tree, such as apples, pears, grapes, chestnuts, etc."
과자	Noun	snack	"Snacks baked or fried by mixing milk, sugar, etc., into flour or rice powder."
과학	Noun	science	A discipline which researches phenomena occurring in nature.
관계	Noun	relationship	"A state in which two or more people, things, phenomena, etc., become interrelated; or such a relation."
관광	Noun	tourism	"The act of going to a place to see or observe its scenery, environment, customs, etc."
관광객	Noun	tourist	A person who goes on a tour.
관광지	Noun	tourist attraction	"A place worthy of traveling to due to its great scenery, historical sites, hot springs, etc."
관광하다	Verb 	go on a tour; see the sights	"To go to a place to see or observe its scenery, environment, custom, etc."
관리	Noun	management	The act of taking charge of and handling something.
관리비	Noun	management expenses; maintenance cost	Expenses needed for managing facilities or objects.
관리하다	Verb 	manage	To take charge of and handle something.
관심	Noun	interest; attention	A feeling of attraction towards or positive thoughts about something.
광고	Noun	advertisement; publicity	The act of promoting something to people.
괜찮다	Adjective	nice; fine	Fairly good.
괴롭다	Adjective	suffering	Feeling pain in one's body or mind.
굉장히	Adverb	hugely	Very grandly and greatly.
교과서	Noun	textbook	A book made to teach a certain subject in school.
교사	Noun	teacher	"A person with teaching qualifications who teaches students in a elementary school, middle school, etc."
교수	Noun	professor	A person who researches and teaches in colleges; or such a position.
교실	Noun	classroom	"In a kindergarten, elementary school, and secondary school, a room where a teacher teaches students."
교통	Noun	transportation; traffic	"The act of carrying passengers or cargo by using vehicles such as cars, trains, ships, airplanes, etc."
교통사고	Noun	traffic accident; car crash	An accident between a car or train crashing into another vehicle or with a pedestrian.
교통편	Noun	means of transportation	"The means of transit, such as cars, trains, ships, airplanes, etc., used when one moves from one place to another place."
교환하다	Verb 	change	To change one thing for another.
교회	Noun	church	"A community of believers of Jesus Christ, or a place where they gather for religious activities."
구경	Noun	sightseeing	An act of watching something or someone with curiosity or interest.
구경하다	Verb	watch	To see something with interest.
구두	Noun	shoes	"Dress shoes made of leather or synthetic leather, worn with a suit."
구름	Noun	cloud	A mass of liquid droplets or tiny ice pieces floating in the sky.
구입하다	Verb	purchase	"To buy goods, etc."
국가	Noun	state; nation; country	"An entity consisting of land and the people living there, resulting in a group ruled by sovereignty."
국내	Noun	interior of a country; domestic territory	Area within a country.
국물	Noun	soup	"Liquid of guk, soup, or jjigae, stew, left after all ingredients have been taken out."
국민	Noun	people; national; citizen	People that compose a country or a person with the nationality of a country.
국수	Noun	noodle	"Food made by kneading wheat flour, buckwheat, potatoes, etc."
국어	Noun	official language; native language	The language used by the people of a country.
국적	Noun	nationality; citizenship	A status which qualifies someone to come under the official jurisdiction of a country.
국제	Noun	being international; being global	A state in which several countries are interrelated or do something together.
군인	Noun	soldier	"A person belonging to the military, who is trained to handle weapons and is given missions."
굵다	Adjective	thick	An object being long in circumference or wide in width.
궁금하다	Adjective	curious	Having a strong desire to know about something.
권	Bound Noun 	volume; book	A bound noun that serves as a unit for counting the number of books or notebooks.
귀	Noun	ear	"The part of a human or animal's body that hears sounds, located on both sides of the head."
귀걸이	Noun	earrings	Accessories for the ears.