통장	Noun	bank book; deposit passbook	"In a financial institution, a book given to a person who deposits money, in which deposits and withdrawals are recorded."
통화	Noun	talking over the telephone	An act of talking with someone using a telephone.
통화하다	Verb	talk over the telephone	To talk with someone using a telephone.
퇴근	Noun	leaving work; arriving home from work	An act of leaving one's workplace or returning home after work.
퇴근하다	Verb	leaving work; arriving home from work	An act of leaving one's workplace or returning home after work.
퇴원하다	Verb	leave the hospital; be discharged from the hospital	To leave the hospital after one stayed there for a certain period of time to have one's disease treated.
특별하다	Adjective	special	"Being different from what is normal, with a noticeable gap."
특별히	Adverb	specially; particularly; especially	With a noticeable difference compared with others.
특징	Noun	distinct characteristic; peculiarity; feature	A trait of something which is noticeable because it is especially different.
튼튼하다	Adjective 	strong	Very hard and firm.
틀다	Verb	twist	To twist and turn one’s body or part of one’s body in another direction.
틀리다	Verb	be wrong; be incorrect	"For a calculation, answer, fact, etc., to not be correct."
티셔츠	Noun	T-shirt	A short-sleeved shirt that looks like the letter 'T'.
팀	Noun	team	A group of people who do the same kind of work.
파	Noun	green onion; scallion	"A vegetable whose long, pointy, cylindrical leaves are empty in the center."
파란색	Noun	blue	"The color of light and clear blue, like that of a clear sky or ocean."
파랗다	Adjective	blue	A color being brightly and vividly blue like that of a clear fall sky or deep sea.
파티	Noun	party	A feast or gathering to make friends or to celebrate an occasion.
팔(body)	Noun	arm	The body part from the shoulder to the wrist.
팔다	Verb	sell	"To give an object or a right to someone or provide one’s effort, etc., to someone after receiving money for it."
패션	Noun	fashion	A field related with the ways of coordinating clothes or enhancing the looks of people.
펴다	Verb	open; spread out	To bend back and spread a folded or rolled object.
편지	Noun	letter	The act of saying what one has to say in writing and sending it to another person.
편하다	Adjective	comfortable; easy; peaceful	"The state of one's body or mind being good, neither sick, nor troubled."
평일	Noun	weekday	"A day which is not Saturday, Sunday, or a holiday."
포도	Noun	grape	"Purple, small fruits forming a bundle, tasting sweet and a little sour."
포장	Noun	wrapping; gift-wrapping; package; packaging material	An act of wrapping or packing an object; or the material used for such a purpose.
표	Noun	ticket	A note that certifies that the holder of the note has a certain right.
표현	Noun	expression; representation	"An act of turning one's feelings, thoughts, etc., into a speech, a piece of writing, a gesture, etc., and showing it."
푹	Adverb	soundly	A word describing an act of falling asleep or taking a good rest to recover from fatigue.
풀	Noun	grass; herb; weed	A plant with a tender stem that usually dies after one year.
프로그램	Noun	program; list of shows	"The list of operation plans or orders of a certain event, or the details of such an event."
피곤하다	Adjective 	tired; exhausted; fatigued	Being tired and worn-out physically or mentally.
피다	Verb	bloom; blossom	"For a flower bud, leaf, etc., to open."
피아노	Noun	piano	A musical instrument that produces sound when its black and white keys are tapped or pressed with fingers.
피우다	Verb	make bloom; open up	"To open up the buds or petals of a flower, etc."
피자	Noun	pizza	"Food originating in Italy, made by baking a round, flat piece of dough topped with tomato, meat, cheese, etc."
필요하다	Adjective 	necessary; needed	Being necessary.
필통	Noun	pencil case	"A pouch or box carried to hold pencils, erasers, etc."
하늘	Noun	sky	"The vast, limitless space that unfolds above the ground."
하늘색	Noun	sky blue	A pale blue color like that of a clear sky.
하다	Verb	do; perform	"To perform a certain move, action, activity, etc."
하루	Noun	day	The 24 hours from midnight to the following midnight.
하숙	Noun	boarding house; lodging 	"The act of staying in another's house, paying for a room and meals; or a house operated in such a manner."
하숙집	Noun	boarding house; lodging house; rooming house	"A house where a lodger stays, paying for a room and meals."
하얗다	Adjective	white	"Clearly bright, white like the color of snow or milk."
하지만	Adverb 	but; however	A word used to connect two statements that are opposite in meaning to each other.
학교	Noun	school	"An institution where teachers teach students in accordance with a certain purpose, curriculum, or policy, etc."
학기	Noun	semester; term	One of the divisions of an academic year.
학년	Noun	year; grade	"The stages of school education, each spanning one year, divided according to level of learning."
학생	Noun	student; learner	A person who studies in a school.
학생증	Noun	student identification	A document proving that one is a student at a certain school.
학원	Noun	school	"An institution where teachers teach students in accordance with a certain purpose, curriculum, or policy, etc."
한국	Noun	Korea	Korea
한국어	Noun	Korean; Korean language	The language used by Korean people.
한글	Noun	Han-geul	The name for the Korean alphabet.
한글날	Noun	Hangeullal	Hangeul Day: A national holiday on October 9th.
한복	Noun	hanbok	Traditional Korean clothes.
한식	Noun	hansik	Korean dishes.
할머니	Noun	grandmother; granny	A word used to refer to or address the mother of one's father or mother.
할아버지	Noun	grandfather; grandpa	A word used to refer to or address the father of one's father or mother.